LMAO!!!!!! Pup says "hi"

That's neat. Sometimes the signs from our dearest passed people and creatures are just so clear, you know it so deep you don't even question. Pawfee ☕️❤️ [deleted] Post it on /r/mediums too I lost my cat a few weeks ago and I’ve never missed anyone like this before. ♥️🐾 This reminds me of an experience I had. My bfs dog passed away around a year ago. At one point after the puppy had passed, I was sitting in their office and out of the corner of my eye I saw this dark figure, puppy height, walking past from one side of the door to the other. I looked over and nothing was there. I didn’t tell anyone cause I didn’t want to bring up the puppy. That night my bf was crying on the phone saying that he saw his puppy that night, laying on the ground while he was watching tv, he blinked and she was gone. I started crying and told him what I saw the same night. They’re always here with us 💕 awe !! Such a sweet sign from doggy heaven💕 That was him <3 Awww...bless you. Just a reminder that your baby is still with you. I’m usually don’t get that emotional but this got me emotional 😭❤️ This is soooo sweet OP, I know your dog loves you and admires you from above. Cause this is like a dog high five lol. A morning pick me up. When I saw this, I got goosebumps feeling your dog coming through  for you❤️ Sending healing reiki and white light to you both. I love this! What do you personally think it means? Aww this is so sweet hugs💔 Super sweet Got a good doggo at the shelter as a puppy. Had her 14 years, then she passed away. A year after, I decided to clean cars air filter, usually parked in garage. 

Had some hair on it that was her color. Cried. this made me emotional omg 😭 Definitely him. I'm so sorry for your loss, but I hope you know he's led a great life with you ❤ They came visit to let you know they're okay ☺️😍 Definitely a paw print. Center pad and 4 toe pads. The fifth toe is that weird little dangly thing a bit higher on their leg, lol. 

I’m so sorry that you lost your dog, but I’m glad that you found this comforting. It would have comforted me too. It’s been 6 months since my boxer left us. The pain is terrible. We adopted a new baby and it has really helped distract me. It also felt good to help another dog in need as I did my boxer years ago. Sometimes y'all make it hard to be a skeptic ❤️ That is the sweetest! I think its a sign from your dog telling you hes okay. Awww Thats beautiful ❤️ This is wonderful 😀😀😀 Life works in amazing ways. Love this ❤️🐶😇 With all of the memories that you shared with him and the overwhelming love and care that you gave him throughout his life, I feel like he is sure to stay close by when the waves of grief overcome you. To him, staying close to give you comfort while you're grieving is the absolute least he can do compared to everything that you did for him throughout his life 💓 

What a sweet soul! 🐾  I am so very sorry for your loss Sorry about your dog. I know what that's like.

That said, that is freaky. ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️ That's so fascinating. That's so beautiful! this is truly a sign. WOW That's so beautiful I'm so sorry for your loss.  Even though your dog is not in physical form any more, his spirit/energy is still with you.  He loves you very much.  When you sense him it's good to acknowledge his (or her) presence by saying something like "I'm so happy you're visiting, I miss you, I love you, ect.." you'll feel a sensation of peace in your heart which will help to lessen the pain over time. That’s so sweet That’s truly amazing I was a big pile of mush the whole day today while reading your thoughts. Thank you so much for all of love and support. ♥️ I really appreciate your kind words, they bring me comfort in knowing that we are not left behind and that the dearest and most wonderful part of me is letting me know he is there. 🙏 I am also so sorry for all of you who lost their pets, I know the pain, and emptiness they leave behind.💔🐾 I pray that your pain eases and that your love for them brings you comfort. 

My dog name was Puli and he was white hungarian Puli. The most loving and gentle soul I've met. Here is a picture:

[My dog] ♥️ (https://i.ibb.co/D8YXm7q/IMG-20210320-204558-741.jpg)

Here is a picture of  [us ♥️](https://i.ibb.co/JmqWB14/IMG-20210320-212210.jpg) Don’t. I’ll cry. ♥️♥️♥️ 🤗🤗🤗🤗❤️🙌 Thats so sweet! I look for signs of my Molly all the time! She passed a little over a month ago, so I know how you feel. They will be missed and I believe they always find a way back into our lives ❤🐕🐈‍⬛🐾🌌🌠✨ This is so beautiful.. I’m sorry for your loss. This is beautiful. Made my day. I was really missing my old cat Hendrix the other day, & when I went to bed, I swear I could smell him like he was still sleeping next to my head. He always smelled like my grandpas cologne. He was his cat & my mom would spray his cologne on a towel when he first got to our house so he was more comfortable, after a while she just kept it up because it made him happy. [deleted] 😳😳😳😳😳😢😢😢😂😝😝😝
These are my emotions when I saw this pic. I love you This brought tears to my eyes. My dog, Delilah, passed just a little over a year ago. I still cry everyday. My dad made me watch a bulldog video today (she was an Old Victorian Bulldoge), and I was a blubbering mess. That dog was the absolute love of my life. I dream about her so often, and I absolutely believe it's her visiting me. I feel guilty that I wasn't there for it. I feel guilty that I didn't take her to emergency. Delilah had a stomach problem her whole life, and throwing up was a very normal thing for her if she didn't eat her meals on time. She was old, we knew that she wouldn't make it another year, but we didn't know she'd be going as quick as she did, especially since she was at the vet twice that week. Anyway, she was drooling a lot, as she did before throwing up. I was trying to comfort her, but she couldn't get comfortable. I am someone who was always looking out for anything wrong, and took her to the vet at the first sign of something that was even remotely suspicious (I took her to emergency at 3am one time for what turned out to just be a trapped fart... 🤦‍♀️😂). I was up with her until 7am. I saw she was finally able to lay down, so I decided to get some sleep. My mom came into my room bawling and screaming. I thought my dad had passed (he's also sick), but she told me it was Delilah. Delilah came to lay on my moms side of the bed, right next to her, when she typically slept on the other side (well, after I had my daughter, that's where she slept, before it was with me... the little bugger... lol). It was like she was waiting for us to go to sleep because she knew we couldn't handle it. She waited. And she passed beside someone she loved. And I'm crying just typing this. I will never forget that day. I was screaming, begging for it to be a nightmare. My friends came to help me with my daughter because I couldn't get out of bed for days. Now she visits on my dreams. They really leave a permanent little pawprint right on our hearts. It's not fair that their lives are so short. 

Sorry for that long comment, lol. Once I start even thinking about my babe, I can't stop. I hope this helps you heal, knowing that she's still there with you. Thank you for that reminder.  I get so caught up in what was done wrong, I forget to remember the determination and ambition they instilled in me. *poetry slam snaps in agreement* What a wonderful reminder. I needed this as I have been far too focused on what I needed to heal and not focused enough on the positive side of this. How does one even get started on healing generational trauma? Honest question. Thank you so much I love you ancestors and everyone and my team highest light and everyone reading this and the poster i love you!!!! Yesss 💖💖💖 Heard! Wow I needed to hear this! Thank youuuu🙏 Droppin knowledge 💣 oof, thank you, op! Love this, thank you for sharing! Beautifully said. 💞 This is so beautiful. Thank you for sharing 🤍 This resonates hard. 💕🪟 Even in our own lifetime stories as we go along, remembering there is just as much light as there is dark, it's something I tend to forget Positive Vibes💗 Yaaaaaaaahhhhsss! Preach. 👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻 this!! Huge I really needed this. Thank you! 🙌🙌🙌 Suggestions for clearing generational traumas? How does one identify said strengths? 🥰 Reaching out to the past. My family’s history. Mine. Therapy helped a lot with that so I need to go see her again. She deserves to see me happy. She saw me bear my heart out first. For the first time in years. She showed me I can open up. So I owe her my story and a lil ring💔 one last time. What is the best way to clear ancestral trauma? Yes!!! Hi all - I’ve posted here before and my cat is still missing for about a month. I’ve done all things including putting posters around my neighborhood, went door to door, called the cops, called the animal control, put her litter box outside the house and almost every other thing that I can think of..

I have a gut feeling that she’s not dead, and merely just picked up by someone else.. I hope people in this community can help to pray or connect to her energy (spiritually?) to give her some strength and tell her to find her way home. 

Really appreciate you kind souls here 🙏🏼 praying and asking for universal help, soon she will be back home 🙏♥️ Oh my goodness. I had a cat that looked like that, except her left eye was a little bit darker. She went missing a few times, the longest was a month. She always came home and lived a long life! Hoping the same happens for you and your kitty! *She is already home, eating her favourite food*

Close your eyes, and imagine her safe and healthy at home. And every time you have doubt, do it again.
Don't address her as "missing", but "found".
This always works for me, even in the most "impossible" situations.
She is beautiful! And she already IS home with you.

Xx She is beautiful I hope she gets home 🙏👍 Please come home soon baby 🙏🏼 you are missed and worried for, have the courage to rush home to safety!!! She will come home and be cared for i know it, she just needs the push to return. Hopefully she isn't snatched, if she was she will return to her rightful home. Dont lose hope, her rightful place is with you. [deleted] Go pretty cat, find your way home! <3 May angels bring her back, stay strong Just wanted you to know my cat was out 6 weeks before coming back to me. I pray she returns home safely ❤ Hi, you can find an astrologer who does an horary chart. I think @ijaadee on twitter can help but she chargers.
Hope she is safe and returns soon💛 I really hope you find your cat.  And if you have the misfortune of not seeing her again I hope that she is in a good home and maybe is were she needs to be.  I hope that eventually you can move on even though the pain of losing a loved one is hard.  She is a beautiful cat, good luck. 🙏hope you find your way home kitty❤️ Aw I'm so sorry your kitty is missing. I hope she finds her way home. Man all these beautiful babies geeting seperated from their homes! 😭😭😭 I have a lot energy to give and I'm sending it her way! Find your way back kitty! 🏡 <3 good luck fur baby. May you find your paws back home soon. Sending prayers Hope you find her! I don't use FB but the first thing I did when my fiancé's sister's dog ran away was look up missing/found pet groups of the area on FB and posted there. Got a reply that same day from someone who found the dog. If you haven't done so, I'd suggest FB and even the pets/lost and found section on craigslist. 

Your cat is beautiful and I hope it gets home soon. Stay safe. This post made me think of my support cat June, raised from birth, who went missing a few months ago, supposedly taken in by neighbors with a bad history. I really hope you find her, hopefully sooner rather than later. They really do become an important part of the family, dont they? Maybe you should hire an animal communicator (psychic). They really work. I've sent out a prayer to the universe for you 🙏 Love and light. Put the litter box outside, scatter their poop about. They'll come home! Come back kitty take some transportation and come home She will make it back. My friends cat of 12 years disappeared for 2 months before randomly showing up one morning on her back porch :) What a beautiful cat. I am sending thoughts and vibes out for her and you. Come back sweet baby 😭😭 I'd check out the local pet's lost and found (if you haven't already).  I had a cat who went missing for a long time, then just when I least expected it, he just came in through the window.   I've got a feeling she might be lost so I'm praying that her guardian angels lead her to make it back home. Good luck I hope she comes home soon Awh praying she finds her way home! Sending you good though, I’m sorry you’re going through this. I'm so sorry your going through this, I've had this happen and it's the worst. Dont give up hope of your futbaby coming home okay because it does and can happen. Virtual hugs for you and your beautiful cat sweet 🤞🏻❤ May you find your cat in the next 48 hours.  Go out early like 5 am and call the cat’s name. [deleted] Have you asked your guides?? Will be praying for your cat tonight. Hope she's gonna find you soon!!!! Praying for a safe return of your sweet girl! My cat went missing for a few weeks. I eventually found him at a local vet. I hope your kitty comes home soon. I know the agony of not knowing where they are. I hope to give you a little hope!

My cat went missing for a whole week! On the 7th day, she showed up on my door step. I figured someone in the neighborhood was trying to keep her as a pet. Cats are smart! And they try to double dip with food. Maybe another house was feeding her and because she kept coming back, maybe they're thinking she doesnt have a home so they opened their home to her? I'm going to visualize your cat finding it's way home. Cats are curious creatures. I'm sure they're on some great adventure Did you get her back? Prayed she comes home to you soon and safely! Some cats come home even after long periods of time so don’t lose hope, I’ve heard a few stories that cats come back a year later so atleast it’s reassuring to know they can survive out there. Good luck with finding it [deleted] good luck :(

&#x200B;

did you call local pounds and vets/spread flyers? please do! Try to put food inside a trapper or a cat holder to lure your kitty! The stinkier the wet food the better so she can smell it from afar. Things like anchovies works great!!!! Thats how I was able to find mine after almost 3 weeks. Good luck my prayers are with her and you ! Pray to San Antonio ! He helps finding missing people, animals, stuff 🙏🏼🙏🏼🙏🏼 You are in my prayers I'm praying that she returns. I'm so sorry. I know how much this hurts. Done! May you and your beautiful cat be reunited very soon. Much love <3 ❤️🙏🏽❤️🙏🏽 I do pray your cat returns to your arms. I’m so sorry for your pain! Be strong Put some of ur clothing around your yard so he can smell his way back Keep looking early like 5am and late like 11 at night. Check local vets and shelters. I had a cat go missing for a week that returned home so it’s very possible. Call her name and walk by cars. They like the warmth and usually don’t go far. My intuition tells me you will actively be a part of her coming home. Sending thoughts and prayers to you and your adorable cat. Stay strong. All the best. ❤️ [deleted] [removed] Strength to the kitty Anything ? Do u live in a house with a garden or an apartment? Check for cold dark  and dry places in the northern side of your building. Is there a spot that is relatively high from the ground? Maybe a tree or a bird's nest? Praying for a safe return!! First thing that popped in my head was a week. i love her and i’m sending her energy and hope the universe helps guide her back
i had my cat disappear for months before coming back, she knows her way <3 I‘m praying for you ... hopefully everything will be alright Oh baby, what a cutie. I hope your cat shows, Im so sorry you’ve gone this long without him/her [deleted] I'm still hoping for you and your baby. I will pray that what has been lost is finally found, safe and sound. You both ought to reunite soon but I can only hope and wish you the best! Don't ever give up on them! has she been found? x Omg what a pretty kitty :(( any news?? Sending good vibes Ask the trees! Praying and sending love! Did you ever find your cat? Cats are weird where they will just leave for long periods of time, sometimes years. I hope it comes home or you find it! Done🙌🦉 what amazing eyes 🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏 My sisters cat was gone for three months before he came home once. He was in the surrounding area at someone else’s house. Your cat will return to you. Much love She's a beautiful baby 🥺🙏🏼 Any luck? I’m so sorry that you lost your cat, sending love and prayers, I hope you find them soon :) Come home baby. You know the way Definitely sending some love and prayers, she’s beautiful 🥺 💗💗💗💗💗💗💗💗💗 Will do! I'm so sorry about your cat! So many of my precious babies have been lost in the recent years it just kills me. We never find them on the side of the road hit by a car or anything just gone... disappeared... my cat, "Mustache" went missing 6 days ago, he came home yesterday when I opened the door, he limped his way in ALL MESSED UP by something in the woods i guess. I thought he came home to die he was weak and hadn't eaten in who knows how long, he wreaked of poo or something Wretched had dried up crap all over him like he'd been messed up unconscious somewhere for days. I took him to the vet and he is home today thank God, no broken bone but pretty badly beat up has 2 holes in his side, nerve damage in his shoulder from something pulling it away from the muscle when grabbing him or fighting we still don't know what happened, and his foot isn't broken but he can't walk on it. I will pray HARD for you and your kitty, I hope they come home for you! Picture of him tonight --->
[Thank heavens!](https://photos.app.goo.gl/MbAUpeieh8mdxJex8)

(Disturbing video and photo of my cat when he came home yesterday) 
 
[video ](https://photos.app.goo.gl/f1etjN8KN1bo1nkz5)
And the picture
[Mustache picture](https://photos.app.goo.gl/XXCRYTJZ8KrW6X4h7) sending all my love & hoping she comes home❤️ Oh my goodness. She is so beautiful. I'll pray for you both 🥰 What special girl. She’s so exotic and mystical looking.. I do hope she comes home soon!😘 Done 💖 Angels please help guide thus little soul back to  loved ones who miss her so. 🙏🏼 I remember when my cat Poo was missing beautiful black and white tabby. Your cat is sooo cute🥰 I pray she finds her way or someone just give her back♥️ Ever find your cat? I was in the same situation and while on a walk I just happened to hear a cat meowing and turn around and found it in somebody's fenced-in backyard with an old lady whe probably took it in Delicious. Some people can't stand be home for two weeks. Imagine spend your life in a house.   So yeah, I pray for your cat to be safe. Buuut, maybe he's happier now with freedom than ever. Kinda where I am at right now. OK spirits I think I understand the lesson. Can we move on please. My lesson was to learn to give up fear based control issues I had, like using subtle manipulation/domination/humiliation tactics for empowerment of self while simultaneously disempowering other selves/other/my partner.

I didn't understand back then why my relationship was so hard and so painful. I do now. It taught me humility, compassion, understanding, unconditional love, acceptance, trust, honesty.

In a relationship based on two fearful individuals, both will seek to protect self, while trying to control/undermine the other in order to feel powerful. A relationship based on two loving individuals however, will seek to protect the other selves and accept them for who they are, cause there is trust that both individuals wishes the other well. Both individuals are empowered, not by tearing each other down in an attempt to get the upper hand, but by building each other up and giving each other a helping hand.

I had to leave the fear based relationship as it quickly became too much negativity for me to handle, but it's taught me these very valuable lessons and brought me into a more loving connection which I am eternally grateful for. I'm still kinda sad about my lesson tho. I could've taken a theoretical one rather than this big heartbreak Poor Will 💔😭😭 I’m in the middle of a toxic relationship. She keeps saying she will change and then doesn’t. There are a lot of great times but I feel like it’s dragging me down. I’ve held on this long because of the hope that she will change. But now im really considering ending things. Any advice from people who have gone through with this? This happened to me but once you become aware of the karmic lesson life is trying to teach you, let go and let both of you guys heal and if they really are your soul mate y’all will be back together❤️ Both needs to change there own karmic patterns in order to be back Amen brother, I'm there right now Here i am too. Ended it, i want the next relationship to not be karmic :( Wow couldn't have seen this at a better time... 2 weeks ago Neptune was in retrograde and man did those rose colored glasses ever come off for me.. *It really do be like this** I’m here right now not appreciating my own stupidity to not listen. Got it. Lesson learned. Moving on from a soulmate reminds me of a lyric I love; 

"...Have true loves until they're false

(But when you're down (I'll pick you up)...)  
Cry and I'll be right there..."

\- George Watsky, Limo 4 Emos I spent the last two years conforming to my ex’s desires of myself. I sacrificed myself to give her undying love but when we split I realized it was the catalyst I needed. She didn’t love me and didnt support me for who I was.

Now I realize who I truly am and will never let someone control me like that again. This is truly the happiest Ive been in a long time and I now know what my destiny is. Shit sucks considering I was on the verge of suicide, now its nothing but growth and Im so thankful for it. I felt this to my core. Currently going through it. Thank you, Ive learned. Owwwffff I felt this on another level 😫 I can’t wait to finish learning lmao And I’ve been getting a lot of damn messages that are seemingly about him, which is highly annoying because he only makes me feel bad when I think back at how we used to be. When he comes around it’s like I forget all that. I hope he stays gone. Just finished a conversation saying we’d see other people. I feel so lost. Sometimes karmic lessons can come back as soul mates, right? Such a pain in the ass. Keep that wheel house turning. You always think your on the top, but seems like you never really reach it. I'm over those lessons. I've learned fuck me fuck me dear lord this is me and i cant with this anymore Literally the face I've been making all month. Another one bites the dust lol and thats on karmic debt 😂 Yesss lmfaooo so accurate Lmao that’s hilarious 🤣🤣🤣 OOF. Shots fired. Big oof Lol that's a twin flame, not a soul mate Funniest thing I've seen all day 🤣 Asf Mine was to teach my to control my anger. Broke my hand on a wall and had to sell everything to keep my place and food on the table His karma for going to pedo island this legit happened to me regarding of what happened it was hard and the process was very slow because it was so hard for me to get through the tears and i felt guilt losing that person it was like that person was worth more than something to lose for, it was very hard and everyday i did my whole hard work and effort to get my thinking together and settle down through my healing path, i didn't really told anyone, not even my family and family members of what had happened and after how the argument turned out with this person it was horrible, shamed me for being suffered with depression, and called me weak and insecure when all of these months i had been feeling so bad' never even admit it until i told him the truth and whenever i am crying i go to cry myself alone and to sleep, and the thing was, the relationship with that guy was horrible, i never fell in love with him, it was just the attachment that fall in too quickly, we was just friends and i had so much time and connection with somebody that i never had and yes! i was very happy with that person but never again i was ever happier but now i am succeeding on my healing journey, i felt like my lonely world opened where i was sharing worlds with that person and laughter, joy, playing games with someone, but i don't have anyone to look up to now since i lost him  but... i am letting go of that person but its hard for me, have to learn to be happier with myself instead of being happy with someone else. we don't know whats the next chapter is going to bring. thats all i have to say Yup. This is one of my biggest, toughest lessons I've learned this year....along with learning that I have a twin flame and who it is. I was eyeballs-deep in denial for thirteen and a half years.......and then the universe smacked me over the head with it and I fell apart. I've been very, very slowly putting myself back together. It is bloody exhausting. This meme can not describe me any better at the moment How do you know if your relationship was a karmic lesson? Hah word! Fr tho I hate when that shit happens THIS QUOTE MAKES NO SENSE Huh? The truth is we can sit next to another and we can connect. But to then assume the connection will continue for a long time is foolish. To think we are “together” is the misrepresentation. We must take the moment and see it for what it is. Relationships nowadays are temporary because if how we wish to possess the other. Our pain comes when we live in untruth for a while. Thats bound to end but if we allow all actions and just appreciate when we are around eachother then freedom exists. Our inability to allow someone to leave and be with someone else is not love. If you ask me the person you’re with should wish for you to always find a new person a new adventure. A true soulmate just knows that we are singular but its nice to spend some time together sometimes A what? Well i left and healed. But somehow all her private pics and personal info got leaked to her job school friends and family. 🤔 strange. Heard her anxiety and depression is at an all time high. Ah well I guess she had to learn her lesson. What a beautiful message. Thank you for sharing. also had something return to me today after I thought it had been stolen. I knew exactly what to do with it Your dad came through at the exact moment he needed to! Besides being there for you he's also gently letting you know that suicide is not the way to go and will only result in you repeating a similar lifetime until you get your lessons figured out. With your dad's love and help, start trying to figure out what things you're supposed to be figuring out during this lifetime and make it happen. By the way, your dad is super proud of you and sorry he didn't say it more! Heart also equals love. Many people love you and you are worth living. Sending reiki and white light to guide you through this♥️ Sending you love and light from the land down under. I am so glad you received this message when you did. Please hang in there we need as many light workers in the world as possible at this point of time.

Life may seem untenable at the moment but it will get better. I know that is easy to say when one isn't experiencing it but it is true.

In 2017 I left my toxic relationship, lost my house and my business and my friends. I was financially ruined - had to start over and just as I got my feet back in the ground, I was hit by a car. 

In 2021, I am engaged to the most wonderful man, I live in a much nicer house than I previously lived in, my business grew 10 fold, money came back to me 20 fold and I have an incredible group of friends.

I spent many days during those years having similar thoughts like you had but everytime I thought about it more something made me realise I had the strength to keep going.

I learnt so much about myself during those hard years and as hard as it was I wouldn't have grown or evolved if it wasn't for the tough times.

Take care Xo Reach out, talk about it. Here if you need. I'm glad this happened for you 🙏 That’s amazing!♥️✨ Lovely story. 
I'm not sure things got better for you but I would like to share this link with you : www.ssrf.org ( Spiritual Science Research Foundation ).
It is not a substitute for medical care but it can help with spiritual issues such as feeling suicidal could be related to the spiritual dimension. So if you are able to learn about Spiritual Practice, Spiritual Healing Remedies on the website it can help you overcome possible spiritual issues. Oh gosh happy you are safe. We are all feeling down in the dumps with everything going on. If this world is really getting to you it’s probably because you are opened to the fucked-up-ness of it all. Stay strong, we need you!!! I am here if you need me.  I love these serendipitous moments.... especially when you need them. my chihuahua chica passed if anyone wants to reach her for me💜i miss my soulmate Another reminder that "You are very special"! This has me in tears. I love this I hope you’re feeling so much love too Thank you for sharing with us and being strong ❤️❤️ ♥️ That's so sweet and inspiring. Your dad's looking out for you always and you're more well loved than you know It always helps to reach out to your spirit guides I've been there sweetheart. Please reach out to your support network and any clinician you work well with. Remember we are always here too. Love you✨😘 ps thank you for asking for help and not going through with your plan. The world would suck 2ithout you believe me. What a beautiful sentiment!!! Thank you. This motivated me to take control of my life by letting go of control. Asking for help, spiritual or otherwise, is a surrender to the healer inside us all.

I highly recommend trying out some 5-HTP. It’s cheap, and available on Amazon, and acts as a precursor amino acid to serotonin— effectively restoring depleted synapses. It consistently obliterates any suicidal ideation, and also helps quench agoraphobia, hopelessness, and that feeling of “what does it matter anyway”.

I also recommend getting some Magnesium Biglycinate to take 300-400mg before bed, as it’s needed for 300+ enzymatic reactions in the body and for production of pretty much every neurotransmitter. We’ve overfarmed soil so badly that pretty much everyone is deficient, and insomnia, anxiety, depression, fatigue etc. are the first to come in a deficit.

And lastly, please look into adaptogenic herbs. There’s this thing called the HPA axis in our brains, that basically acts like a stress buffer. After enough of a beating, it starts malfunctioning and prevents your brain from doing its natural repairs/ creation of neurotransmitters.

Adaptogen Herbs rebalance the HPA, and have so many benefits as a result that I’d write a book before getting to even half hahaha. My favorites are Rhodiola (paradise herbs has a great one) which raises serotonin/dopamine/endorphins and is incredible for energy and mood— same with Panax Ginseng. 

Or if your worries are more insomnia and anxiety based, Holy Basil and Shatavari (great for hormones) is wonderful as well.

Been in your shoes throughout most of my adolescence, but finally invested in learning about the body and genetics (like MTHFR, which is a big player in depression) and managed to demolish any and all issues that my brain was giving me.

Having a career from my passion is incredible, but having control of my body again is worth more than any time I could have ever put into it.

Feel free to message me for any clarification (I know it’s a lot hahaha), and above all know that it’s always okay in the end. And if it’s not okay,

It’s just not the end. :) I’m so happy your treasure found its way back to you! Like a little bit of joy to keep moving forward.  Reminder that you are loved!
You are important!
You are worthy of all good things.
I’m happy you asked for help. And soooo happy it was received! Xoxo

Edit: to say thank you for sharing your guides’ inspiring message Your life is worthy and your guides are showing it to you. Stay strong, we need you on this earthly plane ❤️ send you love Hang in there. So happy you found this. Sending you love and good vibrations. All the best We all have ancient histories. 
I’m the last one of my family... 
it continues or ends with me. Wonderful. Glad that serendipity showed you more of yourself. Such a sweet message from spirit. They love you ❤️ The universe always gives us hope. I feel that and know you are loved ❤️ I’m assuming your Afghan! 
Fellow Afghan here too 🥰🥰🥰 Wow that’s amazing! How do you speak to your spirit guide? He sent you a message How do you ask fr help?
I mean can you be more specific?

Like did you just ask and left it, or yiu meditated on it for a few minutes How do you ask spirit guides things? What are you feeling suicidal about? Awww that's so sweet.  Hang in there! We all feel these overwhelming thoughts and I really do think he was sending you a message.  Love surrounds you! [removed] The Egyptians knew some shiiiittttttttt Beautiful! I was supposed to be there right now, had the trip not been called off due to Covid-19. What a gorgeous reminder of the brilliance of civilizations long before us. I want to acquire some land somewhere and construct beautiful things like our ancestors did. I feel this and see the vision. beautiful, just moon is too big. To all the skeptics saying the moon is photoshopped have you ever noticed the size difference from full moon to the next? Sometimes the moon is huge and other times the moon is super small. I live in Alaska and regularly notice this; just cause it seems unreal to ya doesn’t mean it doesn’t actually get that big from time to time. Quite the limited view. No wonder people don’t believe in magic anymore, everyone thinks it’s artificially produced. Maaaan it’s all in the eye of the beholder lol. Anyways that’s my two cents. Beautiful pic regardless if it’s natural or edited. Thank you for sharing

I remember one time I was looking into the woods on a fairly foggy day and I could see a whole bunch of spiderwebs everywhere. And my friend asked “why’s there so many spider webs today?” And I told him “it’s always like that but the conditions were just right for moisture to stick to the webs revealing them to us when the sun shines onto them” it’s always like that the conditions just weren’t right to see it on the other days of the year. 

Perhaps the same thing is occurring here where the conditions were just right to capture this magnificent moment. So, seriously I want to know if this is from an alignment of the Milky Way to the Temple of Karnak at the Spring Equinox intentionally...Or was this some other time of year?  -I am an archaeologist, hence my specific interest. Keeping my fingers crossed I’ll be able to keep my plans to visit at the end of the year! Shopped, moon is way too big, so what else is unreal? I was waiting for this. that's really incredible to see Extremely mystical and outerwordly.

Thanks for sharing.

Blessings, love and light🙏 I’ve never lived far enough from a city to see the stars. Is this really what the night sky looks like?? This is ridiculously amazing!  
I wish I could travel back to ancient Egypt just to see and hear about the mysteries, not interfering at all, just as a spectator. I’d love this framed so much symbolism in this! Donnie darko dream scene Easily gives me the same chills I felt as a kid when there was a (pretty rare for Ohio) night the Aurora was visible.  My dad and I must have been out watching.  He told me to try to take the level of multitude that what we were seeing was better than any video I'd seen of the northern lights, and imagine this awe multiplied by that, and it would give me an idea of the splendor they have seen from much farther north.  He almost never talked about serving, but most of his time he was stationed in Alaska.  He gave me such vivid impression of how beautiful and awe-striking it is, especially in the areas barely impacted by humankind...  We lost him in April.  No idea anything ongoing was wrong when mom took him to the ER for breathing issues in late Feb, and he went March first having never come home nor truly regained his mental state however briefly.

My Mate and I had been thinking NYC when we get the chance to take a second "real" vacation, but I had already wanted for what seems forever to take a trip to Alaska, and I'm very powerfully moved by this night sky image to suggest we look into Alaska instead for it. So mystical When can one get a high res of this imagine, its spectacular Absolutely!! Last year I had a very confusing breakup while I was also trying to better myself but I made the mistake of holding out for someone who never cared about me in the first place . I wasted soooo much time watching love readings on YouTube with clickbait titles and they’d all say the same thing like “You two are separated right now but they need to work on themselves and they’re too afraid to come forward but one day you’ll be back together” or something along those lines and I really fell for it . It completely blinded me but at the same time I learned my lesson because spirit intervened and made me see the truth of how toxic of a relationship it was and how I really needed to be more selfish in loving myself first . I’m much happier now and in a much healthy relationship ever since I stopped with those readings and holding out for someone terrible. So true, if someone does not want you, you shouldn't want them either. It's so simple. The fact that they don't care about you should be enough for you to let go. It took me a while to get here because obsessions are hard but they don't have to be. [deleted] This is one of the best posts I've read from "psychic" in a long time. This is the truth. My wife reads tarot for people as well, and I hear it all the time. Yes use discernment for sure. There are an insane amount of psychics and readers out there that are not helping at all. I've seen this in many women I've talked to and known over the years. Their ex boyfriend will be in another relationship or even married with children. And that relationship was toxic to begin with. But these twin flame love readers will keep telling these women to sit around and wait and this ex will come back to them. And some of them wait around years. Then trickster 4d entities take advantage and come in and pretend to be this higher self twin aspect and lead them on too, so they can sit in their field and drain their energy and keep dangling the carrot on the stick. Very difficult to get this across though. I've tried to explain this gently and more bluntly and it's never something they want to hear, and some flip out on you when you say that.

One of the biggest traps I've had to learn over the years is any message saying to sit around and wait isn't for my highest good or is testing me. Which is different from the energy of having patience and peace. Whenever I have received messages to sit around and wait for something in the future to occur, then it's not coming from a higher dimensional being with good intentions or coming clearly from my own intuition and interpretation or coming from any other source that is in integrity. Especially the twin flame ones, those are the worst. Knew a girl who waited 15 yrs for her twin and watched readings I love this post and heartily agree. Nothing is more frustrating than somebody who's getting a reading, for free by the way since I generally don't charge, and they'll start arguing with me because there's just no way  what I'm saying can be right about their ex, current, wanting them to be, whatever boyfriend. It makes me absolutely crazy! You can't manifest everything. One of those scary things that some spiritual teachers will sometimes tell people is that you can manifest your destiny. Your destiny was already pretty much set when you came down here because it's why you came down here but you most certainly can change it as we all have free will. But to sell the idea to people that you can manifest the person you want to be in love with you to be in love with you is despicable! The rule of a thumb: if I’m in a happy relationship, never once I want to get a reading. If I want to get a reading - the relationship is not happy anymore and depending on the issue it’s time to go. Pretty simple. Happy people don’t need a validation from cards since they already get it from a partner. I got readings about an ex who acted like a cat who played with his food before ultimately discarding it. I was the food. The readings I got were either telling me to run and do better or the stuff I wanted to hear. Of course the readers told me to “take what resonates” and I interpreted it as take what I need lmao and that moment I wanted validation. So I kept going with this narc and the universe must have lost its patience and ultimately intervened by showing me how I was being used as an object and I was nothing more than a trophy to this dude.

That was hard. A literal slap to the face. But that was two years ago and now I know how to act accordingly. Seeing this post cemented it in my brain. Thank you for this op :) I agree 100%! I wish I would have realized this a few years ago. The father of my son, we dated for 2 years but after we broke up, we continued to sleep together constantly. (He was my first real boyfriend & I had very very low self esteem) so like yes I knew he was only using me for sex but I thought I “loved” him. HAHA. I regret ever meeting the man but I really regret not loving myself and lowering my standards because I was so insecure. On the spot! As I normally say: Let it go, who doesn't want to stay with you!   
Being honest, nowadays is like a curse, we have this sense we have to protect others, but if we don't speak up, nobody will and nobody is protected in the end. It is important to express these things, as important as to be honest and kind - and what you transmit here, is very meaningful and kind! Thank you for being that person. Thanks for posting.  So many of the "twin flame"  and "soulmate" readings encourage people to stay trapped in extremely toxic cycles and devastatingly abusive situations.  Many of these people are not ready or willing to hear the honest truth even when offered with love and compassion.  I encourage honest readers to not be hard on themselves when they face backlash.    You will be rewarded for your integrity.  We have to have a good relationship with ourselves before we can have a good relationship with another.  Sometimes the most loving thing we can do for ourselves and the other person is to release the relationship and do the self work. You block new and better by chasing the unavailable The thing is, you can't tell someone that. I think they have to come to this realization on their own. And it takes some of us longer than others to get it, if ever.

But I agree. I see so many insecure women and it is so heartbreaking. What did they do to us? I needed to hear it. As someone who is trying to heal myself from insecure attachment my entire life and also being interested in these types of things, a very simple litmus test I've given myself is, "the fact that you feel the need to ask this question tells you everything you need to know about the situation. If they cared, you would know. If they wanted to, they would have." Well said. Thank you 😊 Thank you for posting it. I hope all that need to see this message find it. I do not do love readings, period, because of this. 
People don’t want the truth.
I’ll do self love readings where I’ll tell them what they should work on to make them feel better about themselves so they don’t have to look for what’s missing in someone else. That’s the only love reading that I feel is worthwhile. > You need a therapist not a love reading

lmao

I honestly don't understand why tarot people here have so much trouble with love and ex's. It comes up SO FUCKING MUCH. I get that relationships and love are serious life issues that people have trouble with here and there, but to this extent? Seriously? It's like half of tarot readers are obsessed with a specific individual they met and couldn't make it work, and 90% of people wanting readings are in some dramatic shitty situation where they're not getting treated right but still want to make it work.

I've had trouble of my own before, but nothing so much where I'd be wondering if they'll be "coming back". No, they fucking won't be. And I don't want them to. We broke up for a REAL REASON, a reason that I don't let myself forget. I remember getting hurt. I remember aspects that just didn't work, made me realize we couldn't stay together. I don't want to get hurt again.

And there really are so many cool people out there that it's never worth obsessing about one person. There's a lot of amazing people. You just have to put yourself out there, and even the ones that aren't amazing enough to be with are still fun to experience for a bit. This might not be the best or most mature advice, but casual sex really can help you get over someone. It really puts that nail in the coffin like, yeah, it's over.

Edit: as below comments show absolutely be careful with the casual sex thing I can approach this same issue from a “therapeutic” viewpoint and no one wants to hear that either, lol. I didn’t even want to hear it when I learned it!  But it goes something like this:

Intimacy with another human being is a complex dance. One major thing about it is that it’s extremely scary if you hold negative beliefs about yourself and your own lovability. You may think you are totally ready to love and be loved and yearn for a partner with all your heart. However, if you haven’t dealt with your self-hatred or fear, you are going to find yourself attracted to people who are unavailable in some way. Your unconscious mind knows your terror of being completely seen and rejected, and chooses accordingly. So it won’t even let anyone close enough for you to perceive them clearly. Then you can use them to project on—whatever it is you are actually looking for in yourself. (I have often wished I didn’t have to start EVERYTHING by changing myself...!!!!!)


Without insight into this dynamic only the angels can intervene in our love lives to help us heal and be capable of true intimacy. [deleted] I agree whole heartedly. Many outside variables cause us to want see one bright spot and it'll work out. It doesn't have to. It doesn't make you a bad person. Even if you are in a relationship, and YOU fight for it; always remember you can't fight it alone. Unless you want to practice shadow boxing. Self love is wonderful. Do things you love. I remember I used to be a 'transformer' to make my partner happy. I transformed so much I could've made a cameo in all the movies. Being with someone is great if you are compatible. Even if you are not there some things you can compromise on, but make sure they pick you for you and not a Persona they want. This is not Persona2021 for all those who know my reference. Don't be the easy prey. We were born to make mistakes, but we can still be great. Awww...dammit, you're gonna ruin my money pipeline! /s.

No, seriously, this is why I moved from doing tarot readings to being a therapist. I recognized what they needed, realized the market for therapy was way bigger than the market for tarot. Of course, the college education was quite the bitch... This post came at a really amazing time for me. 

I am currently in the first important relationship of my life. We are both female. I have had lots of psychic readings about it. 

Most readings say that this woman is my soulmate and we have a strong connection, yet some others say that she doesn’t love and respect me and that I should run from that relationship.

The most powerful reading that said to run came through when I spoke to a medium and connected with some close family members who have passed.

Their advice was that they would love anyone who I love, but that I deserve a lot better and that I can’t serve my purpose in life by also serving her.

It’s a difficult one because what should I believe? I have always known what my purpose in life is, and I know I am here on this earth to fulfil that purpose. One part of my heart definitely thinks that I can’t serve two Masters, the Universe and her. But I also feel happier and less tormented when she is in my life.

So, how do you sort out the fake from the genuine? Here’s an unpopular opinion—if you have to ask a psychic about a relationship, it’s doomed. You should know where you stand and have the fortitude to thrive with or without them. I was one of those young women who once mistook a dumpster fire for my twin flame. I just want to confirm that your advice is solid. I thankfully never hooked up with my boss who was in a relationship with a girl way too young for him, but I did realize my own self worth. I also dedicated myself to learning an amazing new skill and got subsequently got into the best shape of my life. Now I AM my own twin flame and transmute whatever creation may throw at us. I encourage my heartbroken sisters to do the same. Thank you for keeping it real. this this and so this. i avoid love readings like the plague. we all need to know our worth! Your post is amazing, and i appreciate you so much for posting. Keep on fighting the good fight ❤️ I love an ethical psychic. What you said needed to be said. Personally I find relationship readings to be annoying. I have to jump across multiple energies to read the other person and I would prefer to just read the person who's asking to help show them where they need work I needed to hear this. Like deadass Oh my God. The timing of this is SPOT ON! I couldn't be more stunned. Thank you, I'm very grateful (: As someone who reads on the side for fun, I cosign this message. 95% of the readings I do revolve around this topic. Sometimes, I don't even take their money or tell them to wait a couple days because the answer is plain as day and they do not need a reading to see it. I always send love and light with hopes that they will come around one day. I woke up this morning thinking about my ex and reliving the pain of the relationship and I actually really needed to read this. Thank you! I wish everyone could read this... I do not doubt your gift 

Psychic to psychic. Thank you for sharing! ❤ Preach it! So true. I agree 100 percent. It's true. If they choose to reject, ghost or block, don't bother to spend money for a reading on them. I did do reading but it was free. I used that as a way to heal myself and find out what happen to give myself the closure i needed. 

If before marriage, a person choose to do that to you, who knows how they will treat their partner once inside the marriage? I don't know if those guys are unavailable or not in the first place or they just want to play around until they found the one. Their action show their selfish and irresponsible side. Even if both end up together in a marriage, it will not be a happy one. 

For my case, he show me the red flag a bit late but at least i dodge a bullet. Come to think about it, i realize i hardly knew him at all. I saw a short (kind of joking) video yesterday about the client being married and having an affair with a married man. Also she’s newly pregnant. She asks the reader WHEN the married man was going to leave his wife for her. Understandably, the reader was like 0.0

They still did an honest reading at least. I can guess what cards were pulled... NOBODY LISTENS!!! They all agree but the next day or the next week they’re still asking about the same guy. (And say there is no connection when you don’t tell them what they want to hear.) When I was doing readings this was 90% of the questions. And then you realize they’ve never talked to the crush. And you’re like... let it go -_-. To be honest love readings are among one of my least favorite readings to do. People expect to hear "You and so-and-so will get together, get married, have children etc." instead of "Move on with your life and learn to love yourself". They want to hold onto false hope that they'll end up with a person clearly not meant for them. Holding onto an unavailable person comes from a place of ego rather than true love.I remember having a reading done, which wasn't even a love reading. It was a general reading - a soulmate just happened to be mixed in there. He was fated to come into my life to help me socialize, and that's exactly what happened. The connection itself was incredibly painful - I ended up falling for him very suddenly which is completely unlike me. Not long after, I found out he had been in a committed romantic relationship for 4 years. He's now married to a questionable individual that's likely using him, and though I've accepted that, I decided to cut the connection because it felt super karmic. A friend told me I could keep being his friend and provide him emotional support if things end up going awry with his marriage, but as an empath, I don't want that burden on my shoulders. That's for him to deal with. What made it hard to distance was his caring personality. He was a good person - the connection was simply way too intense for a friendship to be maintained. Also, the friend group we were apart of seems to be toxic and is falling apart.

Sometimes, soulmates come into your life ***not to be with you romantically***. They might be with you for a certain time to help you grow in some form, or to teach you what's not working. Though my situation was excruciatingly painful - receiving a connection/experience I absolutely did not want - it taught me the importance of communicating with people, as well as knowing when to step away (not everyone wants advice from you). Thanks you for this post! Well said!!! 👏👏👏 So good of you to post this ❤️ 🔥🔥 Beautifully said! lmao I feel personally attacked hahaha I love this. Here to say I had the 777th upvote!

And thank you for this honest information :) Well said my sis from another miss 🙌💪👍💖💥 What a beautiful and important post I’m not a female, but I support this statement by a 100%. This is so good that you make such an important message on here. Don’t know who needs to hear it, but I know there are plenty out there. No matter being ladies or men. 100% the truth. Love yourself first, then love will just come naturally. <3 I agree with OP. Very good point. 

However, I also believe in certain magick rituals as karma against those who intentionally wronged me. Intentionally being the key word. 

Rather than waste my money on a psychic, or anything like that, I would rather pay a professional "witch" to do justice.
I won't victimize myself.
Yes, I am a divine Goddess and therefore, I prefer evocation of Lilith for justice... but NOT a love spell to bring anyone back. I agree.  But sometimes it's true that they come back.  I didn't think it was possible that I'd reconnect with my Person of Interest.  I had blocked, deleted etc.  Readers kept telling me he'd be back.  A year later we are talking again.  It only happened because I let go, and worked on myself though.  So sometimes they come back, if they are meant to be in your life, but the lesson is to LET GO. Yep. Very few well aligned soulmate healers out here. Even they are still stuck in the "twin flame" program due to society's monogamous patriarchal programming. Truly we are... Super soul flames. Each a collective of energies with a collective of soul mates. Our parents, our partners, our co-workers, our cashiers. We are One. All chasing does is manifest resistance. What about the psychics that do do the reading but are honest and up front about it? If you get the feeling they will come back say it but also say if you read that they won’t. It’s up to the customer on what they want to know.

I agree 100% with this post, it’s unhealthy to chase those that don’t want to be chased. You do need to find that self love and know your worth. I just also think if someone asks for a love reading on their ex they shouldn’t be turned down. So are you professional tarot readers saying that all the readings saying someone will come back are fake? Do you never have the cards come out that way? youre right but then you say save your money go to therapy instead haha What about health readings? Is the same concept true? Truth. 

When you stop looking so hard for external happiness and focus on loving you from within, your light starts burning so bright and you'll attract the one meant for you. It's always when you stop focusing on what you want that it finds its way to u This a good post. Preach! Just wanna say this also applies to guys doing the same thing Listen... I read for myself and when I tell someone that’s what I’m into, their first instinct is to ask me about love! I am quick to say, first of all, if I had answers about who your true love is, I would know the winning power all numbers too. It’s crazy because nothing is set in stone and I could try to do a compatibility layover, but it’s really up to the people who are trying to make a go at partnership! Romance and all that go with it is such a preoccupation it’s crazy. Meanwhile I keep pulling cards about myself that keep referencing a coupling or a union and I’m like huh? What? X__X "You are a divine feminine goddess and you deserve someone who worships you. Wait for that. It is coming. "

Perfectly said! Thanks for typing this all out. It's okay to wait and love yourself and your life until that comes along. The universe has a plan for everyone. good advice. Sometimes there's just no chemistry between two people! It could be as simple as that! They may even like you as a friend, but further than that, there's no spark, or chemistry! Have you ever had any positive readings like this? Of a girl asking about a man from her past? Asking for a friend lol Thank you I really needed to hear this . Who are you to deny peace which comes with closure. Unreasonable beauty standards get girls deeming themselves ugly or fat. Eliminating favorable options before nature does the thing. As the reader, it’s very difficult when you encounter this type of client. One of mine hunches is over the cards trying to get to the magic answer before I speak to her, second-guessing what the cards are saying when it is abundantly clear that there is no man. It’s sad because she’s a wonderful woman but the cards can also see why there is no man, and it’s all internal. I tell her the truth and I give her the guidance the cards trying to give her, and she chooses not to make the change.

I’ve done four readings this week When it is clear that an ex is not coming back. I can’t say how far that future extends but it’s not within any predictable three month timeframe. Again I watch their faces fall in disappointment, but I always tell the what is there. [deleted] I’ve had readings that said my ex wasn’t coming back & guess what ? A week later he came back 🤷‍♀️ How about the love you were with for eight years? The honeymoon that lasted over five years? 😒 Heaven and Hell officially reject racism(circa 2020) Y'all pretty much dressed the same. Damn. Everyone doesn’t like what happened. As a Trad witch I'd 10/10 be wearing a cloak instead 😂💅🏻 Straight up I used to live next door to Amish people. Really awesome and down to earth, but totally disconnected. If THEY'RE getting involved then someone seriously fucked up They're Mennonites but same truth, lol. Lol they probably have the same ancestors though. Wouldn’t be surprised if some witches and Amish people were cousins! Lol LOL 😂 I had no idea Amish people cared about black people. That’s nice to know. Dude you have my coveted title of best but undiscovered. Fr. Witches are still pushing the co-opted narrative by putting white supremacy and hate on their signs.  The witch with the STREnGTH tarot knows how it’s done.  We get what we focus on 🙏❤️☯️ Amish people make the best baked goods EVER. omg and the monks People still care about George Floyd? lol so now the amish are standing against systems of oppression I highly, highly doubt many, if any, Amish people attended protests. [deleted] How is this psychic Why are the Witches dressed similar to that of the Black Robes of the KKK? Daaaammmn. The universe just roasted me. Damn, the past few days I've been contemplating about reconnecting with certain people because I'm lonely and I missed the friendship we had but they did in fact have some very toxic sides to them. If this isn't a clear sign that I shouldn't do it then I don't know what is. Thank you Ok universe. I have seen this 3 times today on different social media platforms. I will not do the thing. I think salt water would be a good comparison also instead of poison! Because it looks more appealing and may satisfy initially until you realize later that it’s worse Yes and this goes for actions as well, old behaviours. > You shouldn't drink poison just because you're thirsty

Literally alcohol, and maybe if the mood is right. Thank you ❤️ Second time I've seen this today actually. Definitely telling me something! This is right on time. The holiday season plays tricks on normally happy single people. Love this, am very glad I saw it. Thank you! 🌞🧡 Yeah, it can be a challenge living among many in life that want you to feel that they are doing you a favor while they are cumming in your mouth... The universe is a smart cookie Came at the perfect time when I needed this that's synchronity 🤩🤩🤩🤩 Thanks Universe. Thanks for having my back. Man.. I feel like this was meant for me to see. Thank you. I swear... I needed that today 100% needed to see this Oh shit. Is this a sign? It has to be Thank you Oh shit dude. This was like, synchronized as fuuuuck Thank you for this. You are right uh... alright... I probably needed this. Message received 100% I don’t want to reconnect I just want a damn apology my childhood needs it 🥺😤😒 Thank you! Omggg need thaaaat! Even if I intend to harm them? Was just thinking of reconnecting to some dysfunctional family when this appeared!  Nah, nope, NO! Thanks for the post 1000%. I believe it True! Thank You! Nice Geez, can I at least wait till after NYE? YESSSS. Yes. How the fuck do you know exactly what I’m going through? Meh, I like alcohol for the altered state Also don't eat that thing down there. It's not a Jamaica cake. I needed to see this. Thank you. I needed this 🙏🏻❤️ Wow this is so accurate right now considering the pandemic Nobody would believe the first day of crazy shit that has defined this savage awakening. Some people will never break the surface tension Ha. I just had a friend tell me about another friends crazy woowoo theories looking for me to agree they were crazy and I was like, uh, yeah I believe that too. "Oh you know seeing spirits, hearing voices, constant deja vu , and literally projecting my consciousness to harass my family so I know they are ok." "The usual" 

"Oh work gave you a messed up schedule? Cool... cool." "I keep seeing 123, 222, 111, foxes, and other signs. Anyway, what's up with you?" If anyone has any tips on how to block out the vibrations to just be able to get my everyday tasks done please let me know!! Hahahahaha OMFG THIS FOR THE PAST 2 MONTHS!!!! Thank God for communities like this bc I don't know what I'd do. Coworker: how was your weekend?

Me: (remembering my DMT trip where I talked to Olmec, Ishtar, Buddha, and Mexican blood warriors who helped me charge my courage and face my demons) It was good! You? I’m a medium and refuse to share with my Nparents. This is exactly my life too. It actually can be stressful with all the psychic stuff going on that you just can't talk about. I don't think me using Pluto conjunct my ascendant and Mars square natal Mars plus disappearing/reappearing crystals as excuses for taking time off work would go down too well in my workplace. YES! ❤ I feel you! Yes!! 100% This is real. If you know, you know. Oh you know, just sleep deprived from waking up every night between 2-3AM. If my body doesn’t naturally wake me up, then my dog wakes me up when she jumps off the bed to go hide/sleep in the closet because there’s a new spirit in my apartment who enjoys scaring my dog between those same hours. BUT HOW ARE YOU? I have had aliens visit me and put a green light inside my heart. Archangel Michael removed a demon from me. I have weekly visions of things that unfold in this reality. 
I've felt the energy of animals that can not be seen with humans eyes. I've heard clear voices. I have somehow shared random people's tragic experiences. 
I have known things that could not logically be known and yet time revealed to be true.

AND...
I have seen and sense that a spiritual event is approaching, the magnitude of which has never been experienced in Earth's history, and many of us will be granted magical powers as well as the ability to lirerally fly.

And i share this stuff with people, with no expectation for them to believe it, so that when it happens to them they'll be like i was "Woa... All that stuff IS real!" 

Hang on friends, this ride is about to get good! Haha! Awesome 😂 😆😇😉 This is SOO me! 😂😂 I tried once to explain to a friend... she was a good friend about it as I could barely verbalize it anyways lol! Im ready to hear. What is it like? looks like he (she?) is about to say the word "tenet" Haha I recognize myself in this so much! Haha omg Lololol this ones so accurate Where did you find that portrait of me? He's got that Kai Wynn "Bless you, my child" (now go eff off) vibe.

I want to adopt this as my profile picture! Truth . It’s hard to learn how to communicate, that’s for sure. I’m lucky to have my partner sharing in it with me. Especially this year. Don’t ask me about next month, cause you are NOT ready to hear that shit. Buy some shelf stable food and candles. Go ahead, Caller, you're in a safe zone. I wouldn't say that all the people in my life aren't spiritual.  Some are, but there is often a select few that think I'm nuts when I mention some of it. Big fact Those who know do not speak. Those who speak do not know. Lao Tzu. frrr i’ve tried to explain but everyone is not a true believer like i am Bullshit If you're hearing voices before you sleep, that's not a spiritual awakening, that's a mental illness. Please seek help Preach! LMAO!!!!!! Pup says "hi"

That's neat. Sometimes the signs from our dearest passed people and creatures are just so clear, you know it so deep you don't even question. Pawfee ☕️❤️ [deleted] Post it on /r/mediums too I lost my cat a few weeks ago and I’ve never missed anyone like this before. ♥️🐾 This reminds me of an experience I had. My bfs dog passed away around a year ago. At one point after the puppy had passed, I was sitting in their office and out of the corner of my eye I saw this dark figure, puppy height, walking past from one side of the door to the other. I looked over and nothing was there. I didn’t tell anyone cause I didn’t want to bring up the puppy. That night my bf was crying on the phone saying that he saw his puppy that night, laying on the ground while he was watching tv, he blinked and she was gone. I started crying and told him what I saw the same night. They’re always here with us 💕 awe !! Such a sweet sign from doggy heaven💕 That was him <3 Awww...bless you. Just a reminder that your baby is still with you. I’m usually don’t get that emotional but this got me emotional 😭❤️ This is soooo sweet OP, I know your dog loves you and admires you from above. Cause this is like a dog high five lol. A morning pick me up. When I saw this, I got goosebumps feeling your dog coming through  for you❤️ Sending healing reiki and white light to you both. I love this! What do you personally think it means? Aww this is so sweet hugs💔 Super sweet Got a good doggo at the shelter as a puppy. Had her 14 years, then she passed away. A year after, I decided to clean cars air filter, usually parked in garage. 

Had some hair on it that was her color. Cried. this made me emotional omg 😭 Definitely him. I'm so sorry for your loss, but I hope you know he's led a great life with you ❤ They came visit to let you know they're okay ☺️😍 Definitely a paw print. Center pad and 4 toe pads. The fifth toe is that weird little dangly thing a bit higher on their leg, lol. 

I’m so sorry that you lost your dog, but I’m glad that you found this comforting. It would have comforted me too. It’s been 6 months since my boxer left us. The pain is terrible. We adopted a new baby and it has really helped distract me. It also felt good to help another dog in need as I did my boxer years ago. Sometimes y'all make it hard to be a skeptic ❤️ That is the sweetest! I think its a sign from your dog telling you hes okay. Awww Thats beautiful ❤️ This is wonderful 😀😀😀 Life works in amazing ways. Love this ❤️🐶😇 With all of the memories that you shared with him and the overwhelming love and care that you gave him throughout his life, I feel like he is sure to stay close by when the waves of grief overcome you. To him, staying close to give you comfort while you're grieving is the absolute least he can do compared to everything that you did for him throughout his life 💓 

What a sweet soul! 🐾  I am so very sorry for your loss Sorry about your dog. I know what that's like.

That said, that is freaky. ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️ That's so fascinating. That's so beautiful! this is truly a sign. WOW That's so beautiful I'm so sorry for your loss.  Even though your dog is not in physical form any more, his spirit/energy is still with you.  He loves you very much.  When you sense him it's good to acknowledge his (or her) presence by saying something like "I'm so happy you're visiting, I miss you, I love you, ect.." you'll feel a sensation of peace in your heart which will help to lessen the pain over time. That’s so sweet That’s truly amazing I was a big pile of mush the whole day today while reading your thoughts. Thank you so much for all of love and support. ♥️ I really appreciate your kind words, they bring me comfort in knowing that we are not left behind and that the dearest and most wonderful part of me is letting me know he is there. 🙏 I am also so sorry for all of you who lost their pets, I know the pain, and emptiness they leave behind.💔🐾 I pray that your pain eases and that your love for them brings you comfort. 

My dog name was Puli and he was white hungarian Puli. The most loving and gentle soul I've met. Here is a picture:

[My dog] ♥️ (https://i.ibb.co/D8YXm7q/IMG-20210320-204558-741.jpg)

Here is a picture of  [us ♥️](https://i.ibb.co/JmqWB14/IMG-20210320-212210.jpg) Don’t. I’ll cry. ♥️♥️♥️ 🤗🤗🤗🤗❤️🙌 Thats so sweet! I look for signs of my Molly all the time! She passed a little over a month ago, so I know how you feel. They will be missed and I believe they always find a way back into our lives ❤🐕🐈‍⬛🐾🌌🌠✨ This is so beautiful.. I’m sorry for your loss. This is beautiful. Made my day. I was really missing my old cat Hendrix the other day, & when I went to bed, I swear I could smell him like he was still sleeping next to my head. He always smelled like my grandpas cologne. He was his cat & my mom would spray his cologne on a towel when he first got to our house so he was more comfortable, after a while she just kept it up because it made him happy. [deleted] 😳😳😳😳😳😢😢😢😂😝😝😝
These are my emotions when I saw this pic. I love you This brought tears to my eyes. My dog, Delilah, passed just a little over a year ago. I still cry everyday. My dad made me watch a bulldog video today (she was an Old Victorian Bulldoge), and I was a blubbering mess. That dog was the absolute love of my life. I dream about her so often, and I absolutely believe it's her visiting me. I feel guilty that I wasn't there for it. I feel guilty that I didn't take her to emergency. Delilah had a stomach problem her whole life, and throwing up was a very normal thing for her if she didn't eat her meals on time. She was old, we knew that she wouldn't make it another year, but we didn't know she'd be going as quick as she did, especially since she was at the vet twice that week. Anyway, she was drooling a lot, as she did before throwing up. I was trying to comfort her, but she couldn't get comfortable. I am someone who was always looking out for anything wrong, and took her to the vet at the first sign of something that was even remotely suspicious (I took her to emergency at 3am one time for what turned out to just be a trapped fart... 🤦‍♀️😂). I was up with her until 7am. I saw she was finally able to lay down, so I decided to get some sleep. My mom came into my room bawling and screaming. I thought my dad had passed (he's also sick), but she told me it was Delilah. Delilah came to lay on my moms side of the bed, right next to her, when she typically slept on the other side (well, after I had my daughter, that's where she slept, before it was with me... the little bugger... lol). It was like she was waiting for us to go to sleep because she knew we couldn't handle it. She waited. And she passed beside someone she loved. And I'm crying just typing this. I will never forget that day. I was screaming, begging for it to be a nightmare. My friends came to help me with my daughter because I couldn't get out of bed for days. Now she visits on my dreams. They really leave a permanent little pawprint right on our hearts. It's not fair that their lives are so short. 

Sorry for that long comment, lol. Once I start even thinking about my babe, I can't stop. I hope this helps you heal, knowing that she's still there with you. Thank you for that reminder.  I get so caught up in what was done wrong, I forget to remember the determination and ambition they instilled in me. *poetry slam snaps in agreement* What a wonderful reminder. I needed this as I have been far too focused on what I needed to heal and not focused enough on the positive side of this. How does one even get started on healing generational trauma? Honest question. Thank you so much I love you ancestors and everyone and my team highest light and everyone reading this and the poster i love you!!!! Yesss 💖💖💖 Heard! Wow I needed to hear this! Thank youuuu🙏 Droppin knowledge 💣 oof, thank you, op! Love this, thank you for sharing! Beautifully said. 💞 This is so beautiful. Thank you for sharing 🤍 This resonates hard. 💕🪟 Even in our own lifetime stories as we go along, remembering there is just as much light as there is dark, it's something I tend to forget Positive Vibes💗 Yaaaaaaaahhhhsss! Preach. 👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻 this!! Huge I really needed this. Thank you! 🙌🙌🙌 Suggestions for clearing generational traumas? How does one identify said strengths? 🥰 Reaching out to the past. My family’s history. Mine. Therapy helped a lot with that so I need to go see her again. She deserves to see me happy. She saw me bear my heart out first. For the first time in years. She showed me I can open up. So I owe her my story and a lil ring💔 one last time. What is the best way to clear ancestral trauma? Yes!!! Hi all - I’ve posted here before and my cat is still missing for about a month. I’ve done all things including putting posters around my neighborhood, went door to door, called the cops, called the animal control, put her litter box outside the house and almost every other thing that I can think of..

I have a gut feeling that she’s not dead, and merely just picked up by someone else.. I hope people in this community can help to pray or connect to her energy (spiritually?) to give her some strength and tell her to find her way home. 

Really appreciate you kind souls here 🙏🏼 praying and asking for universal help, soon she will be back home 🙏♥️ Oh my goodness. I had a cat that looked like that, except her left eye was a little bit darker. She went missing a few times, the longest was a month. She always came home and lived a long life! Hoping the same happens for you and your kitty! *She is already home, eating her favourite food*

Close your eyes, and imagine her safe and healthy at home. And every time you have doubt, do it again.
Don't address her as "missing", but "found".
This always works for me, even in the most "impossible" situations.
She is beautiful! And she already IS home with you.

Xx She is beautiful I hope she gets home 🙏👍 Please come home soon baby 🙏🏼 you are missed and worried for, have the courage to rush home to safety!!! She will come home and be cared for i know it, she just needs the push to return. Hopefully she isn't snatched, if she was she will return to her rightful home. Dont lose hope, her rightful place is with you. [deleted] Go pretty cat, find your way home! <3 May angels bring her back, stay strong Just wanted you to know my cat was out 6 weeks before coming back to me. I pray she returns home safely ❤ Hi, you can find an astrologer who does an horary chart. I think @ijaadee on twitter can help but she chargers.
Hope she is safe and returns soon💛 I really hope you find your cat.  And if you have the misfortune of not seeing her again I hope that she is in a good home and maybe is were she needs to be.  I hope that eventually you can move on even though the pain of losing a loved one is hard.  She is a beautiful cat, good luck. 🙏hope you find your way home kitty❤️ Aw I'm so sorry your kitty is missing. I hope she finds her way home. Man all these beautiful babies geeting seperated from their homes! 😭😭😭 I have a lot energy to give and I'm sending it her way! Find your way back kitty! 🏡 <3 good luck fur baby. May you find your paws back home soon. Sending prayers Hope you find her! I don't use FB but the first thing I did when my fiancé's sister's dog ran away was look up missing/found pet groups of the area on FB and posted there. Got a reply that same day from someone who found the dog. If you haven't done so, I'd suggest FB and even the pets/lost and found section on craigslist. 

Your cat is beautiful and I hope it gets home soon. Stay safe. This post made me think of my support cat June, raised from birth, who went missing a few months ago, supposedly taken in by neighbors with a bad history. I really hope you find her, hopefully sooner rather than later. They really do become an important part of the family, dont they? Maybe you should hire an animal communicator (psychic). They really work. I've sent out a prayer to the universe for you 🙏 Love and light. Put the litter box outside, scatter their poop about. They'll come home! Come back kitty take some transportation and come home She will make it back. My friends cat of 12 years disappeared for 2 months before randomly showing up one morning on her back porch :) What a beautiful cat. I am sending thoughts and vibes out for her and you. Come back sweet baby 😭😭 I'd check out the local pet's lost and found (if you haven't already).  I had a cat who went missing for a long time, then just when I least expected it, he just came in through the window.   I've got a feeling she might be lost so I'm praying that her guardian angels lead her to make it back home. Good luck I hope she comes home soon Awh praying she finds her way home! Sending you good though, I’m sorry you’re going through this. I'm so sorry your going through this, I've had this happen and it's the worst. Dont give up hope of your futbaby coming home okay because it does and can happen. Virtual hugs for you and your beautiful cat sweet 🤞🏻❤ May you find your cat in the next 48 hours.  Go out early like 5 am and call the cat’s name. [deleted] Have you asked your guides?? Will be praying for your cat tonight. Hope she's gonna find you soon!!!! Praying for a safe return of your sweet girl! My cat went missing for a few weeks. I eventually found him at a local vet. I hope your kitty comes home soon. I know the agony of not knowing where they are. I hope to give you a little hope!

My cat went missing for a whole week! On the 7th day, she showed up on my door step. I figured someone in the neighborhood was trying to keep her as a pet. Cats are smart! And they try to double dip with food. Maybe another house was feeding her and because she kept coming back, maybe they're thinking she doesnt have a home so they opened their home to her? I'm going to visualize your cat finding it's way home. Cats are curious creatures. I'm sure they're on some great adventure Did you get her back? Prayed she comes home to you soon and safely! Some cats come home even after long periods of time so don’t lose hope, I’ve heard a few stories that cats come back a year later so atleast it’s reassuring to know they can survive out there. Good luck with finding it [deleted] good luck :(

&#x200B;

did you call local pounds and vets/spread flyers? please do! Try to put food inside a trapper or a cat holder to lure your kitty! The stinkier the wet food the better so she can smell it from afar. Things like anchovies works great!!!! Thats how I was able to find mine after almost 3 weeks. Good luck my prayers are with her and you ! Pray to San Antonio ! He helps finding missing people, animals, stuff 🙏🏼🙏🏼🙏🏼 You are in my prayers I'm praying that she returns. I'm so sorry. I know how much this hurts. Done! May you and your beautiful cat be reunited very soon. Much love <3 ❤️🙏🏽❤️🙏🏽 I do pray your cat returns to your arms. I’m so sorry for your pain! Be strong Put some of ur clothing around your yard so he can smell his way back Keep looking early like 5am and late like 11 at night. Check local vets and shelters. I had a cat go missing for a week that returned home so it’s very possible. Call her name and walk by cars. They like the warmth and usually don’t go far. My intuition tells me you will actively be a part of her coming home. Sending thoughts and prayers to you and your adorable cat. Stay strong. All the best. ❤️ [deleted] [removed] Strength to the kitty Anything ? Do u live in a house with a garden or an apartment? Check for cold dark  and dry places in the northern side of your building. Is there a spot that is relatively high from the ground? Maybe a tree or a bird's nest? Praying for a safe return!! First thing that popped in my head was a week. i love her and i’m sending her energy and hope the universe helps guide her back
i had my cat disappear for months before coming back, she knows her way <3 I‘m praying for you ... hopefully everything will be alright Oh baby, what a cutie. I hope your cat shows, Im so sorry you’ve gone this long without him/her [deleted] I'm still hoping for you and your baby. I will pray that what has been lost is finally found, safe and sound. You both ought to reunite soon but I can only hope and wish you the best! Don't ever give up on them! has she been found? x Omg what a pretty kitty :(( any news?? Sending good vibes Ask the trees! Praying and sending love! Did you ever find your cat? Cats are weird where they will just leave for long periods of time, sometimes years. I hope it comes home or you find it! Done🙌🦉 what amazing eyes 🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏 My sisters cat was gone for three months before he came home once. He was in the surrounding area at someone else’s house. Your cat will return to you. Much love She's a beautiful baby 🥺🙏🏼 Any luck? I’m so sorry that you lost your cat, sending love and prayers, I hope you find them soon :) Come home baby. You know the way Definitely sending some love and prayers, she’s beautiful 🥺 💗💗💗💗💗💗💗💗💗 Will do! I'm so sorry about your cat! So many of my precious babies have been lost in the recent years it just kills me. We never find them on the side of the road hit by a car or anything just gone... disappeared... my cat, "Mustache" went missing 6 days ago, he came home yesterday when I opened the door, he limped his way in ALL MESSED UP by something in the woods i guess. I thought he came home to die he was weak and hadn't eaten in who knows how long, he wreaked of poo or something Wretched had dried up crap all over him like he'd been messed up unconscious somewhere for days. I took him to the vet and he is home today thank God, no broken bone but pretty badly beat up has 2 holes in his side, nerve damage in his shoulder from something pulling it away from the muscle when grabbing him or fighting we still don't know what happened, and his foot isn't broken but he can't walk on it. I will pray HARD for you and your kitty, I hope they come home for you! Picture of him tonight --->
[Thank heavens!](https://photos.app.goo.gl/MbAUpeieh8mdxJex8)

(Disturbing video and photo of my cat when he came home yesterday) 
 
[video ](https://photos.app.goo.gl/f1etjN8KN1bo1nkz5)
And the picture
[Mustache picture](https://photos.app.goo.gl/XXCRYTJZ8KrW6X4h7) sending all my love & hoping she comes home❤️ Oh my goodness. She is so beautiful. I'll pray for you both 🥰 What special girl. She’s so exotic and mystical looking.. I do hope she comes home soon!😘 Done 💖 Angels please help guide thus little soul back to  loved ones who miss her so. 🙏🏼 I remember when my cat Poo was missing beautiful black and white tabby. Your cat is sooo cute🥰 I pray she finds her way or someone just give her back♥️ Ever find your cat? I was in the same situation and while on a walk I just happened to hear a cat meowing and turn around and found it in somebody's fenced-in backyard with an old lady whe probably took it in Delicious. Some people can't stand be home for two weeks. Imagine spend your life in a house.   So yeah, I pray for your cat to be safe. Buuut, maybe he's happier now with freedom than ever. Kinda where I am at right now. OK spirits I think I understand the lesson. Can we move on please. My lesson was to learn to give up fear based control issues I had, like using subtle manipulation/domination/humiliation tactics for empowerment of self while simultaneously disempowering other selves/other/my partner.

I didn't understand back then why my relationship was so hard and so painful. I do now. It taught me humility, compassion, understanding, unconditional love, acceptance, trust, honesty.

In a relationship based on two fearful individuals, both will seek to protect self, while trying to control/undermine the other in order to feel powerful. A relationship based on two loving individuals however, will seek to protect the other selves and accept them for who they are, cause there is trust that both individuals wishes the other well. Both individuals are empowered, not by tearing each other down in an attempt to get the upper hand, but by building each other up and giving each other a helping hand.

I had to leave the fear based relationship as it quickly became too much negativity for me to handle, but it's taught me these very valuable lessons and brought me into a more loving connection which I am eternally grateful for. I'm still kinda sad about my lesson tho. I could've taken a theoretical one rather than this big heartbreak Poor Will 💔😭😭 I’m in the middle of a toxic relationship. She keeps saying she will change and then doesn’t. There are a lot of great times but I feel like it’s dragging me down. I’ve held on this long because of the hope that she will change. But now im really considering ending things. Any advice from people who have gone through with this? This happened to me but once you become aware of the karmic lesson life is trying to teach you, let go and let both of you guys heal and if they really are your soul mate y’all will be back together❤️ Both needs to change there own karmic patterns in order to be back Amen brother, I'm there right now Here i am too. Ended it, i want the next relationship to not be karmic :( Wow couldn't have seen this at a better time... 2 weeks ago Neptune was in retrograde and man did those rose colored glasses ever come off for me.. *It really do be like this** I’m here right now not appreciating my own stupidity to not listen. Got it. Lesson learned. Moving on from a soulmate reminds me of a lyric I love; 

"...Have true loves until they're false

(But when you're down (I'll pick you up)...)  
Cry and I'll be right there..."

\- George Watsky, Limo 4 Emos I spent the last two years conforming to my ex’s desires of myself. I sacrificed myself to give her undying love but when we split I realized it was the catalyst I needed. She didn’t love me and didnt support me for who I was.

Now I realize who I truly am and will never let someone control me like that again. This is truly the happiest Ive been in a long time and I now know what my destiny is. Shit sucks considering I was on the verge of suicide, now its nothing but growth and Im so thankful for it. I felt this to my core. Currently going through it. Thank you, Ive learned. Owwwffff I felt this on another level 😫 I can’t wait to finish learning lmao And I’ve been getting a lot of damn messages that are seemingly about him, which is highly annoying because he only makes me feel bad when I think back at how we used to be. When he comes around it’s like I forget all that. I hope he stays gone. Just finished a conversation saying we’d see other people. I feel so lost. Sometimes karmic lessons can come back as soul mates, right? Such a pain in the ass. Keep that wheel house turning. You always think your on the top, but seems like you never really reach it. I'm over those lessons. I've learned fuck me fuck me dear lord this is me and i cant with this anymore Literally the face I've been making all month. Another one bites the dust lol and thats on karmic debt 😂 Yesss lmfaooo so accurate Lmao that’s hilarious 🤣🤣🤣 OOF. Shots fired. Big oof Lol that's a twin flame, not a soul mate Funniest thing I've seen all day 🤣 Asf Mine was to teach my to control my anger. Broke my hand on a wall and had to sell everything to keep my place and food on the table His karma for going to pedo island this legit happened to me regarding of what happened it was hard and the process was very slow because it was so hard for me to get through the tears and i felt guilt losing that person it was like that person was worth more than something to lose for, it was very hard and everyday i did my whole hard work and effort to get my thinking together and settle down through my healing path, i didn't really told anyone, not even my family and family members of what had happened and after how the argument turned out with this person it was horrible, shamed me for being suffered with depression, and called me weak and insecure when all of these months i had been feeling so bad' never even admit it until i told him the truth and whenever i am crying i go to cry myself alone and to sleep, and the thing was, the relationship with that guy was horrible, i never fell in love with him, it was just the attachment that fall in too quickly, we was just friends and i had so much time and connection with somebody that i never had and yes! i was very happy with that person but never again i was ever happier but now i am succeeding on my healing journey, i felt like my lonely world opened where i was sharing worlds with that person and laughter, joy, playing games with someone, but i don't have anyone to look up to now since i lost him  but... i am letting go of that person but its hard for me, have to learn to be happier with myself instead of being happy with someone else. we don't know whats the next chapter is going to bring. thats all i have to say Yup. This is one of my biggest, toughest lessons I've learned this year....along with learning that I have a twin flame and who it is. I was eyeballs-deep in denial for thirteen and a half years.......and then the universe smacked me over the head with it and I fell apart. I've been very, very slowly putting myself back together. It is bloody exhausting. This meme can not describe me any better at the moment How do you know if your relationship was a karmic lesson? Hah word! Fr tho I hate when that shit happens THIS QUOTE MAKES NO SENSE Huh? The truth is we can sit next to another and we can connect. But to then assume the connection will continue for a long time is foolish. To think we are “together” is the misrepresentation. We must take the moment and see it for what it is. Relationships nowadays are temporary because if how we wish to possess the other. Our pain comes when we live in untruth for a while. Thats bound to end but if we allow all actions and just appreciate when we are around eachother then freedom exists. Our inability to allow someone to leave and be with someone else is not love. If you ask me the person you’re with should wish for you to always find a new person a new adventure. A true soulmate just knows that we are singular but its nice to spend some time together sometimes A what? Well i left and healed. But somehow all her private pics and personal info got leaked to her job school friends and family. 🤔 strange. Heard her anxiety and depression is at an all time high. Ah well I guess she had to learn her lesson. What a beautiful message. Thank you for sharing. also had something return to me today after I thought it had been stolen. I knew exactly what to do with it Your dad came through at the exact moment he needed to! Besides being there for you he's also gently letting you know that suicide is not the way to go and will only result in you repeating a similar lifetime until you get your lessons figured out. With your dad's love and help, start trying to figure out what things you're supposed to be figuring out during this lifetime and make it happen. By the way, your dad is super proud of you and sorry he didn't say it more! Heart also equals love. Many people love you and you are worth living. Sending reiki and white light to guide you through this♥️ Sending you love and light from the land down under. I am so glad you received this message when you did. Please hang in there we need as many light workers in the world as possible at this point of time.

Life may seem untenable at the moment but it will get better. I know that is easy to say when one isn't experiencing it but it is true.

In 2017 I left my toxic relationship, lost my house and my business and my friends. I was financially ruined - had to start over and just as I got my feet back in the ground, I was hit by a car. 

In 2021, I am engaged to the most wonderful man, I live in a much nicer house than I previously lived in, my business grew 10 fold, money came back to me 20 fold and I have an incredible group of friends.

I spent many days during those years having similar thoughts like you had but everytime I thought about it more something made me realise I had the strength to keep going.

I learnt so much about myself during those hard years and as hard as it was I wouldn't have grown or evolved if it wasn't for the tough times.

Take care Xo Reach out, talk about it. Here if you need. I'm glad this happened for you 🙏 That’s amazing!♥️✨ Lovely story. 
I'm not sure things got better for you but I would like to share this link with you : www.ssrf.org ( Spiritual Science Research Foundation ).
It is not a substitute for medical care but it can help with spiritual issues such as feeling suicidal could be related to the spiritual dimension. So if you are able to learn about Spiritual Practice, Spiritual Healing Remedies on the website it can help you overcome possible spiritual issues. Oh gosh happy you are safe. We are all feeling down in the dumps with everything going on. If this world is really getting to you it’s probably because you are opened to the fucked-up-ness of it all. Stay strong, we need you!!! I am here if you need me.  I love these serendipitous moments.... especially when you need them. my chihuahua chica passed if anyone wants to reach her for me💜i miss my soulmate Another reminder that "You are very special"! This has me in tears. I love this I hope you’re feeling so much love too Thank you for sharing with us and being strong ❤️❤️ ♥️ That's so sweet and inspiring. Your dad's looking out for you always and you're more well loved than you know It always helps to reach out to your spirit guides I've been there sweetheart. Please reach out to your support network and any clinician you work well with. Remember we are always here too. Love you✨😘 ps thank you for asking for help and not going through with your plan. The world would suck 2ithout you believe me. What a beautiful sentiment!!! Thank you. This motivated me to take control of my life by letting go of control. Asking for help, spiritual or otherwise, is a surrender to the healer inside us all.

I highly recommend trying out some 5-HTP. It’s cheap, and available on Amazon, and acts as a precursor amino acid to serotonin— effectively restoring depleted synapses. It consistently obliterates any suicidal ideation, and also helps quench agoraphobia, hopelessness, and that feeling of “what does it matter anyway”.

I also recommend getting some Magnesium Biglycinate to take 300-400mg before bed, as it’s needed for 300+ enzymatic reactions in the body and for production of pretty much every neurotransmitter. We’ve overfarmed soil so badly that pretty much everyone is deficient, and insomnia, anxiety, depression, fatigue etc. are the first to come in a deficit.

And lastly, please look into adaptogenic herbs. There’s this thing called the HPA axis in our brains, that basically acts like a stress buffer. After enough of a beating, it starts malfunctioning and prevents your brain from doing its natural repairs/ creation of neurotransmitters.

Adaptogen Herbs rebalance the HPA, and have so many benefits as a result that I’d write a book before getting to even half hahaha. My favorites are Rhodiola (paradise herbs has a great one) which raises serotonin/dopamine/endorphins and is incredible for energy and mood— same with Panax Ginseng. 

Or if your worries are more insomnia and anxiety based, Holy Basil and Shatavari (great for hormones) is wonderful as well.

Been in your shoes throughout most of my adolescence, but finally invested in learning about the body and genetics (like MTHFR, which is a big player in depression) and managed to demolish any and all issues that my brain was giving me.

Having a career from my passion is incredible, but having control of my body again is worth more than any time I could have ever put into it.

Feel free to message me for any clarification (I know it’s a lot hahaha), and above all know that it’s always okay in the end. And if it’s not okay,

It’s just not the end. :) I’m so happy your treasure found its way back to you! Like a little bit of joy to keep moving forward.  Reminder that you are loved!
You are important!
You are worthy of all good things.
I’m happy you asked for help. And soooo happy it was received! Xoxo

Edit: to say thank you for sharing your guides’ inspiring message Your life is worthy and your guides are showing it to you. Stay strong, we need you on this earthly plane ❤️ send you love Hang in there. So happy you found this. Sending you love and good vibrations. All the best We all have ancient histories. 
I’m the last one of my family... 
it continues or ends with me. Wonderful. Glad that serendipity showed you more of yourself. Such a sweet message from spirit. They love you ❤️ The universe always gives us hope. I feel that and know you are loved ❤️ I’m assuming your Afghan! 
Fellow Afghan here too 🥰🥰🥰 Wow that’s amazing! How do you speak to your spirit guide? He sent you a message How do you ask fr help?
I mean can you be more specific?

Like did you just ask and left it, or yiu meditated on it for a few minutes How do you ask spirit guides things? What are you feeling suicidal about? Awww that's so sweet.  Hang in there! We all feel these overwhelming thoughts and I really do think he was sending you a message.  Love surrounds you! [removed] The Egyptians knew some shiiiittttttttt Beautiful! I was supposed to be there right now, had the trip not been called off due to Covid-19. What a gorgeous reminder of the brilliance of civilizations long before us. I want to acquire some land somewhere and construct beautiful things like our ancestors did. I feel this and see the vision. beautiful, just moon is too big. To all the skeptics saying the moon is photoshopped have you ever noticed the size difference from full moon to the next? Sometimes the moon is huge and other times the moon is super small. I live in Alaska and regularly notice this; just cause it seems unreal to ya doesn’t mean it doesn’t actually get that big from time to time. Quite the limited view. No wonder people don’t believe in magic anymore, everyone thinks it’s artificially produced. Maaaan it’s all in the eye of the beholder lol. Anyways that’s my two cents. Beautiful pic regardless if it’s natural or edited. Thank you for sharing

I remember one time I was looking into the woods on a fairly foggy day and I could see a whole bunch of spiderwebs everywhere. And my friend asked “why’s there so many spider webs today?” And I told him “it’s always like that but the conditions were just right for moisture to stick to the webs revealing them to us when the sun shines onto them” it’s always like that the conditions just weren’t right to see it on the other days of the year. 

Perhaps the same thing is occurring here where the conditions were just right to capture this magnificent moment. So, seriously I want to know if this is from an alignment of the Milky Way to the Temple of Karnak at the Spring Equinox intentionally...Or was this some other time of year?  -I am an archaeologist, hence my specific interest. Keeping my fingers crossed I’ll be able to keep my plans to visit at the end of the year! Shopped, moon is way too big, so what else is unreal? I was waiting for this. that's really incredible to see Extremely mystical and outerwordly.

Thanks for sharing.

Blessings, love and light🙏 I’ve never lived far enough from a city to see the stars. Is this really what the night sky looks like?? This is ridiculously amazing!  
I wish I could travel back to ancient Egypt just to see and hear about the mysteries, not interfering at all, just as a spectator. I’d love this framed so much symbolism in this! Donnie darko dream scene Easily gives me the same chills I felt as a kid when there was a (pretty rare for Ohio) night the Aurora was visible.  My dad and I must have been out watching.  He told me to try to take the level of multitude that what we were seeing was better than any video I'd seen of the northern lights, and imagine this awe multiplied by that, and it would give me an idea of the splendor they have seen from much farther north.  He almost never talked about serving, but most of his time he was stationed in Alaska.  He gave me such vivid impression of how beautiful and awe-striking it is, especially in the areas barely impacted by humankind...  We lost him in April.  No idea anything ongoing was wrong when mom took him to the ER for breathing issues in late Feb, and he went March first having never come home nor truly regained his mental state however briefly.

My Mate and I had been thinking NYC when we get the chance to take a second "real" vacation, but I had already wanted for what seems forever to take a trip to Alaska, and I'm very powerfully moved by this night sky image to suggest we look into Alaska instead for it. So mystical When can one get a high res of this imagine, its spectacular Absolutely!! Last year I had a very confusing breakup while I was also trying to better myself but I made the mistake of holding out for someone who never cared about me in the first place . I wasted soooo much time watching love readings on YouTube with clickbait titles and they’d all say the same thing like “You two are separated right now but they need to work on themselves and they’re too afraid to come forward but one day you’ll be back together” or something along those lines and I really fell for it . It completely blinded me but at the same time I learned my lesson because spirit intervened and made me see the truth of how toxic of a relationship it was and how I really needed to be more selfish in loving myself first . I’m much happier now and in a much healthy relationship ever since I stopped with those readings and holding out for someone terrible. So true, if someone does not want you, you shouldn't want them either. It's so simple. The fact that they don't care about you should be enough for you to let go. It took me a while to get here because obsessions are hard but they don't have to be. [deleted] This is one of the best posts I've read from "psychic" in a long time. This is the truth. My wife reads tarot for people as well, and I hear it all the time. Yes use discernment for sure. There are an insane amount of psychics and readers out there that are not helping at all. I've seen this in many women I've talked to and known over the years. Their ex boyfriend will be in another relationship or even married with children. And that relationship was toxic to begin with. But these twin flame love readers will keep telling these women to sit around and wait and this ex will come back to them. And some of them wait around years. Then trickster 4d entities take advantage and come in and pretend to be this higher self twin aspect and lead them on too, so they can sit in their field and drain their energy and keep dangling the carrot on the stick. Very difficult to get this across though. I've tried to explain this gently and more bluntly and it's never something they want to hear, and some flip out on you when you say that.

One of the biggest traps I've had to learn over the years is any message saying to sit around and wait isn't for my highest good or is testing me. Which is different from the energy of having patience and peace. Whenever I have received messages to sit around and wait for something in the future to occur, then it's not coming from a higher dimensional being with good intentions or coming clearly from my own intuition and interpretation or coming from any other source that is in integrity. Especially the twin flame ones, those are the worst. Knew a girl who waited 15 yrs for her twin and watched readings I love this post and heartily agree. Nothing is more frustrating than somebody who's getting a reading, for free by the way since I generally don't charge, and they'll start arguing with me because there's just no way  what I'm saying can be right about their ex, current, wanting them to be, whatever boyfriend. It makes me absolutely crazy! You can't manifest everything. One of those scary things that some spiritual teachers will sometimes tell people is that you can manifest your destiny. Your destiny was already pretty much set when you came down here because it's why you came down here but you most certainly can change it as we all have free will. But to sell the idea to people that you can manifest the person you want to be in love with you to be in love with you is despicable! The rule of a thumb: if I’m in a happy relationship, never once I want to get a reading. If I want to get a reading - the relationship is not happy anymore and depending on the issue it’s time to go. Pretty simple. Happy people don’t need a validation from cards since they already get it from a partner. I got readings about an ex who acted like a cat who played with his food before ultimately discarding it. I was the food. The readings I got were either telling me to run and do better or the stuff I wanted to hear. Of course the readers told me to “take what resonates” and I interpreted it as take what I need lmao and that moment I wanted validation. So I kept going with this narc and the universe must have lost its patience and ultimately intervened by showing me how I was being used as an object and I was nothing more than a trophy to this dude.

That was hard. A literal slap to the face. But that was two years ago and now I know how to act accordingly. Seeing this post cemented it in my brain. Thank you for this op :) I agree 100%! I wish I would have realized this a few years ago. The father of my son, we dated for 2 years but after we broke up, we continued to sleep together constantly. (He was my first real boyfriend & I had very very low self esteem) so like yes I knew he was only using me for sex but I thought I “loved” him. HAHA. I regret ever meeting the man but I really regret not loving myself and lowering my standards because I was so insecure. On the spot! As I normally say: Let it go, who doesn't want to stay with you!   
Being honest, nowadays is like a curse, we have this sense we have to protect others, but if we don't speak up, nobody will and nobody is protected in the end. It is important to express these things, as important as to be honest and kind - and what you transmit here, is very meaningful and kind! Thank you for being that person. Thanks for posting.  So many of the "twin flame"  and "soulmate" readings encourage people to stay trapped in extremely toxic cycles and devastatingly abusive situations.  Many of these people are not ready or willing to hear the honest truth even when offered with love and compassion.  I encourage honest readers to not be hard on themselves when they face backlash.    You will be rewarded for your integrity.  We have to have a good relationship with ourselves before we can have a good relationship with another.  Sometimes the most loving thing we can do for ourselves and the other person is to release the relationship and do the self work. You block new and better by chasing the unavailable The thing is, you can't tell someone that. I think they have to come to this realization on their own. And it takes some of us longer than others to get it, if ever.

But I agree. I see so many insecure women and it is so heartbreaking. What did they do to us? I needed to hear it. As someone who is trying to heal myself from insecure attachment my entire life and also being interested in these types of things, a very simple litmus test I've given myself is, "the fact that you feel the need to ask this question tells you everything you need to know about the situation. If they cared, you would know. If they wanted to, they would have." Well said. Thank you 😊 Thank you for posting it. I hope all that need to see this message find it. I do not do love readings, period, because of this. 
People don’t want the truth.
I’ll do self love readings where I’ll tell them what they should work on to make them feel better about themselves so they don’t have to look for what’s missing in someone else. That’s the only love reading that I feel is worthwhile. > You need a therapist not a love reading

lmao

I honestly don't understand why tarot people here have so much trouble with love and ex's. It comes up SO FUCKING MUCH. I get that relationships and love are serious life issues that people have trouble with here and there, but to this extent? Seriously? It's like half of tarot readers are obsessed with a specific individual they met and couldn't make it work, and 90% of people wanting readings are in some dramatic shitty situation where they're not getting treated right but still want to make it work.

I've had trouble of my own before, but nothing so much where I'd be wondering if they'll be "coming back". No, they fucking won't be. And I don't want them to. We broke up for a REAL REASON, a reason that I don't let myself forget. I remember getting hurt. I remember aspects that just didn't work, made me realize we couldn't stay together. I don't want to get hurt again.

And there really are so many cool people out there that it's never worth obsessing about one person. There's a lot of amazing people. You just have to put yourself out there, and even the ones that aren't amazing enough to be with are still fun to experience for a bit. This might not be the best or most mature advice, but casual sex really can help you get over someone. It really puts that nail in the coffin like, yeah, it's over.

Edit: as below comments show absolutely be careful with the casual sex thing I can approach this same issue from a “therapeutic” viewpoint and no one wants to hear that either, lol. I didn’t even want to hear it when I learned it!  But it goes something like this:

Intimacy with another human being is a complex dance. One major thing about it is that it’s extremely scary if you hold negative beliefs about yourself and your own lovability. You may think you are totally ready to love and be loved and yearn for a partner with all your heart. However, if you haven’t dealt with your self-hatred or fear, you are going to find yourself attracted to people who are unavailable in some way. Your unconscious mind knows your terror of being completely seen and rejected, and chooses accordingly. So it won’t even let anyone close enough for you to perceive them clearly. Then you can use them to project on—whatever it is you are actually looking for in yourself. (I have often wished I didn’t have to start EVERYTHING by changing myself...!!!!!)


Without insight into this dynamic only the angels can intervene in our love lives to help us heal and be capable of true intimacy. [deleted] I agree whole heartedly. Many outside variables cause us to want see one bright spot and it'll work out. It doesn't have to. It doesn't make you a bad person. Even if you are in a relationship, and YOU fight for it; always remember you can't fight it alone. Unless you want to practice shadow boxing. Self love is wonderful. Do things you love. I remember I used to be a 'transformer' to make my partner happy. I transformed so much I could've made a cameo in all the movies. Being with someone is great if you are compatible. Even if you are not there some things you can compromise on, but make sure they pick you for you and not a Persona they want. This is not Persona2021 for all those who know my reference. Don't be the easy prey. We were born to make mistakes, but we can still be great. Awww...dammit, you're gonna ruin my money pipeline! /s.

No, seriously, this is why I moved from doing tarot readings to being a therapist. I recognized what they needed, realized the market for therapy was way bigger than the market for tarot. Of course, the college education was quite the bitch... This post came at a really amazing time for me. 

I am currently in the first important relationship of my life. We are both female. I have had lots of psychic readings about it. 

Most readings say that this woman is my soulmate and we have a strong connection, yet some others say that she doesn’t love and respect me and that I should run from that relationship.

The most powerful reading that said to run came through when I spoke to a medium and connected with some close family members who have passed.

Their advice was that they would love anyone who I love, but that I deserve a lot better and that I can’t serve my purpose in life by also serving her.

It’s a difficult one because what should I believe? I have always known what my purpose in life is, and I know I am here on this earth to fulfil that purpose. One part of my heart definitely thinks that I can’t serve two Masters, the Universe and her. But I also feel happier and less tormented when she is in my life.

So, how do you sort out the fake from the genuine? Here’s an unpopular opinion—if you have to ask a psychic about a relationship, it’s doomed. You should know where you stand and have the fortitude to thrive with or without them. I was one of those young women who once mistook a dumpster fire for my twin flame. I just want to confirm that your advice is solid. I thankfully never hooked up with my boss who was in a relationship with a girl way too young for him, but I did realize my own self worth. I also dedicated myself to learning an amazing new skill and got subsequently got into the best shape of my life. Now I AM my own twin flame and transmute whatever creation may throw at us. I encourage my heartbroken sisters to do the same. Thank you for keeping it real. this this and so this. i avoid love readings like the plague. we all need to know our worth! Your post is amazing, and i appreciate you so much for posting. Keep on fighting the good fight ❤️ I love an ethical psychic. What you said needed to be said. Personally I find relationship readings to be annoying. I have to jump across multiple energies to read the other person and I would prefer to just read the person who's asking to help show them where they need work I needed to hear this. Like deadass Oh my God. The timing of this is SPOT ON! I couldn't be more stunned. Thank you, I'm very grateful (: As someone who reads on the side for fun, I cosign this message. 95% of the readings I do revolve around this topic. Sometimes, I don't even take their money or tell them to wait a couple days because the answer is plain as day and they do not need a reading to see it. I always send love and light with hopes that they will come around one day. I woke up this morning thinking about my ex and reliving the pain of the relationship and I actually really needed to read this. Thank you! I wish everyone could read this... I do not doubt your gift 

Psychic to psychic. Thank you for sharing! ❤ Preach it! So true. I agree 100 percent. It's true. If they choose to reject, ghost or block, don't bother to spend money for a reading on them. I did do reading but it was free. I used that as a way to heal myself and find out what happen to give myself the closure i needed. 

If before marriage, a person choose to do that to you, who knows how they will treat their partner once inside the marriage? I don't know if those guys are unavailable or not in the first place or they just want to play around until they found the one. Their action show their selfish and irresponsible side. Even if both end up together in a marriage, it will not be a happy one. 

For my case, he show me the red flag a bit late but at least i dodge a bullet. Come to think about it, i realize i hardly knew him at all. I saw a short (kind of joking) video yesterday about the client being married and having an affair with a married man. Also she’s newly pregnant. She asks the reader WHEN the married man was going to leave his wife for her. Understandably, the reader was like 0.0

They still did an honest reading at least. I can guess what cards were pulled... NOBODY LISTENS!!! They all agree but the next day or the next week they’re still asking about the same guy. (And say there is no connection when you don’t tell them what they want to hear.) When I was doing readings this was 90% of the questions. And then you realize they’ve never talked to the crush. And you’re like... let it go -_-. To be honest love readings are among one of my least favorite readings to do. People expect to hear "You and so-and-so will get together, get married, have children etc." instead of "Move on with your life and learn to love yourself". They want to hold onto false hope that they'll end up with a person clearly not meant for them. Holding onto an unavailable person comes from a place of ego rather than true love.I remember having a reading done, which wasn't even a love reading. It was a general reading - a soulmate just happened to be mixed in there. He was fated to come into my life to help me socialize, and that's exactly what happened. The connection itself was incredibly painful - I ended up falling for him very suddenly which is completely unlike me. Not long after, I found out he had been in a committed romantic relationship for 4 years. He's now married to a questionable individual that's likely using him, and though I've accepted that, I decided to cut the connection because it felt super karmic. A friend told me I could keep being his friend and provide him emotional support if things end up going awry with his marriage, but as an empath, I don't want that burden on my shoulders. That's for him to deal with. What made it hard to distance was his caring personality. He was a good person - the connection was simply way too intense for a friendship to be maintained. Also, the friend group we were apart of seems to be toxic and is falling apart.

Sometimes, soulmates come into your life ***not to be with you romantically***. They might be with you for a certain time to help you grow in some form, or to teach you what's not working. Though my situation was excruciatingly painful - receiving a connection/experience I absolutely did not want - it taught me the importance of communicating with people, as well as knowing when to step away (not everyone wants advice from you). Thanks you for this post! Well said!!! 👏👏👏 So good of you to post this ❤️ 🔥🔥 Beautifully said! lmao I feel personally attacked hahaha I love this. Here to say I had the 777th upvote!

And thank you for this honest information :) Well said my sis from another miss 🙌💪👍💖💥 What a beautiful and important post I’m not a female, but I support this statement by a 100%. This is so good that you make such an important message on here. Don’t know who needs to hear it, but I know there are plenty out there. No matter being ladies or men. 100% the truth. Love yourself first, then love will just come naturally. <3 I agree with OP. Very good point. 

However, I also believe in certain magick rituals as karma against those who intentionally wronged me. Intentionally being the key word. 

Rather than waste my money on a psychic, or anything like that, I would rather pay a professional "witch" to do justice.
I won't victimize myself.
Yes, I am a divine Goddess and therefore, I prefer evocation of Lilith for justice... but NOT a love spell to bring anyone back. I agree.  But sometimes it's true that they come back.  I didn't think it was possible that I'd reconnect with my Person of Interest.  I had blocked, deleted etc.  Readers kept telling me he'd be back.  A year later we are talking again.  It only happened because I let go, and worked on myself though.  So sometimes they come back, if they are meant to be in your life, but the lesson is to LET GO. Yep. Very few well aligned soulmate healers out here. Even they are still stuck in the "twin flame" program due to society's monogamous patriarchal programming. Truly we are... Super soul flames. Each a collective of energies with a collective of soul mates. Our parents, our partners, our co-workers, our cashiers. We are One. All chasing does is manifest resistance. What about the psychics that do do the reading but are honest and up front about it? If you get the feeling they will come back say it but also say if you read that they won’t. It’s up to the customer on what they want to know.

I agree 100% with this post, it’s unhealthy to chase those that don’t want to be chased. You do need to find that self love and know your worth. I just also think if someone asks for a love reading on their ex they shouldn’t be turned down. So are you professional tarot readers saying that all the readings saying someone will come back are fake? Do you never have the cards come out that way? youre right but then you say save your money go to therapy instead haha What about health readings? Is the same concept true? Truth. 

When you stop looking so hard for external happiness and focus on loving you from within, your light starts burning so bright and you'll attract the one meant for you. It's always when you stop focusing on what you want that it finds its way to u This a good post. Preach! Just wanna say this also applies to guys doing the same thing Listen... I read for myself and when I tell someone that’s what I’m into, their first instinct is to ask me about love! I am quick to say, first of all, if I had answers about who your true love is, I would know the winning power all numbers too. It’s crazy because nothing is set in stone and I could try to do a compatibility layover, but it’s really up to the people who are trying to make a go at partnership! Romance and all that go with it is such a preoccupation it’s crazy. Meanwhile I keep pulling cards about myself that keep referencing a coupling or a union and I’m like huh? What? X__X "You are a divine feminine goddess and you deserve someone who worships you. Wait for that. It is coming. "

Perfectly said! Thanks for typing this all out. It's okay to wait and love yourself and your life until that comes along. The universe has a plan for everyone. good advice. Sometimes there's just no chemistry between two people! It could be as simple as that! They may even like you as a friend, but further than that, there's no spark, or chemistry! Have you ever had any positive readings like this? Of a girl asking about a man from her past? Asking for a friend lol Thank you I really needed to hear this . Who are you to deny peace which comes with closure. Unreasonable beauty standards get girls deeming themselves ugly or fat. Eliminating favorable options before nature does the thing. As the reader, it’s very difficult when you encounter this type of client. One of mine hunches is over the cards trying to get to the magic answer before I speak to her, second-guessing what the cards are saying when it is abundantly clear that there is no man. It’s sad because she’s a wonderful woman but the cards can also see why there is no man, and it’s all internal. I tell her the truth and I give her the guidance the cards trying to give her, and she chooses not to make the change.

I’ve done four readings this week When it is clear that an ex is not coming back. I can’t say how far that future extends but it’s not within any predictable three month timeframe. Again I watch their faces fall in disappointment, but I always tell the what is there. [deleted] I’ve had readings that said my ex wasn’t coming back & guess what ? A week later he came back 🤷‍♀️ How about the love you were with for eight years? The honeymoon that lasted over five years? 😒 Heaven and Hell officially reject racism(circa 2020) Y'all pretty much dressed the same. Damn. Everyone doesn’t like what happened. As a Trad witch I'd 10/10 be wearing a cloak instead 😂💅🏻 Straight up I used to live next door to Amish people. Really awesome and down to earth, but totally disconnected. If THEY'RE getting involved then someone seriously fucked up They're Mennonites but same truth, lol. Lol they probably have the same ancestors though. Wouldn’t be surprised if some witches and Amish people were cousins! Lol LOL 😂 I had no idea Amish people cared about black people. That’s nice to know. Dude you have my coveted title of best but undiscovered. Fr. Witches are still pushing the co-opted narrative by putting white supremacy and hate on their signs.  The witch with the STREnGTH tarot knows how it’s done.  We get what we focus on 🙏❤️☯️ Amish people make the best baked goods EVER. omg and the monks People still care about George Floyd? lol so now the amish are standing against systems of oppression I highly, highly doubt many, if any, Amish people attended protests. [deleted] How is this psychic Why are the Witches dressed similar to that of the Black Robes of the KKK? Daaaammmn. The universe just roasted me. Damn, the past few days I've been contemplating about reconnecting with certain people because I'm lonely and I missed the friendship we had but they did in fact have some very toxic sides to them. If this isn't a clear sign that I shouldn't do it then I don't know what is. Thank you Ok universe. I have seen this 3 times today on different social media platforms. I will not do the thing. I think salt water would be a good comparison also instead of poison! Because it looks more appealing and may satisfy initially until you realize later that it’s worse Yes and this goes for actions as well, old behaviours. > You shouldn't drink poison just because you're thirsty

Literally alcohol, and maybe if the mood is right. Thank you ❤️ Second time I've seen this today actually. Definitely telling me something! This is right on time. The holiday season plays tricks on normally happy single people. Love this, am very glad I saw it. Thank you! 🌞🧡 Yeah, it can be a challenge living among many in life that want you to feel that they are doing you a favor while they are cumming in your mouth... The universe is a smart cookie Came at the perfect time when I needed this that's synchronity 🤩🤩🤩🤩 Thanks Universe. Thanks for having my back. Man.. I feel like this was meant for me to see. Thank you. I swear... I needed that today 100% needed to see this Oh shit. Is this a sign? It has to be Thank you Oh shit dude. This was like, synchronized as fuuuuck Thank you for this. You are right uh... alright... I probably needed this. Message received 100% I don’t want to reconnect I just want a damn apology my childhood needs it 🥺😤😒 Thank you! Omggg need thaaaat! Even if I intend to harm them? Was just thinking of reconnecting to some dysfunctional family when this appeared!  Nah, nope, NO! Thanks for the post 1000%. I believe it True! Thank You! Nice Geez, can I at least wait till after NYE? YESSSS. Yes. How the fuck do you know exactly what I’m going through? Meh, I like alcohol for the altered state Also don't eat that thing down there. It's not a Jamaica cake. I needed to see this. Thank you. I needed this 🙏🏻❤️ Wow this is so accurate right now considering the pandemic Nobody would believe the first day of crazy shit that has defined this savage awakening. Some people will never break the surface tension Ha. I just had a friend tell me about another friends crazy woowoo theories looking for me to agree they were crazy and I was like, uh, yeah I believe that too. "Oh you know seeing spirits, hearing voices, constant deja vu , and literally projecting my consciousness to harass my family so I know they are ok." "The usual" 

"Oh work gave you a messed up schedule? Cool... cool." "I keep seeing 123, 222, 111, foxes, and other signs. Anyway, what's up with you?" If anyone has any tips on how to block out the vibrations to just be able to get my everyday tasks done please let me know!! Hahahahaha OMFG THIS FOR THE PAST 2 MONTHS!!!! Thank God for communities like this bc I don't know what I'd do. Coworker: how was your weekend?

Me: (remembering my DMT trip where I talked to Olmec, Ishtar, Buddha, and Mexican blood warriors who helped me charge my courage and face my demons) It was good! You? I’m a medium and refuse to share with my Nparents. This is exactly my life too. It actually can be stressful with all the psychic stuff going on that you just can't talk about. I don't think me using Pluto conjunct my ascendant and Mars square natal Mars plus disappearing/reappearing crystals as excuses for taking time off work would go down too well in my workplace. YES! ❤ I feel you! Yes!! 100% This is real. If you know, you know. Oh you know, just sleep deprived from waking up every night between 2-3AM. If my body doesn’t naturally wake me up, then my dog wakes me up when she jumps off the bed to go hide/sleep in the closet because there’s a new spirit in my apartment who enjoys scaring my dog between those same hours. BUT HOW ARE YOU? I have had aliens visit me and put a green light inside my heart. Archangel Michael removed a demon from me. I have weekly visions of things that unfold in this reality. 
I've felt the energy of animals that can not be seen with humans eyes. I've heard clear voices. I have somehow shared random people's tragic experiences. 
I have known things that could not logically be known and yet time revealed to be true.

AND...
I have seen and sense that a spiritual event is approaching, the magnitude of which has never been experienced in Earth's history, and many of us will be granted magical powers as well as the ability to lirerally fly.

And i share this stuff with people, with no expectation for them to believe it, so that when it happens to them they'll be like i was "Woa... All that stuff IS real!" 

Hang on friends, this ride is about to get good! Haha! Awesome 😂 😆😇😉 This is SOO me! 😂😂 I tried once to explain to a friend... she was a good friend about it as I could barely verbalize it anyways lol! Im ready to hear. What is it like? looks like he (she?) is about to say the word "tenet" Haha I recognize myself in this so much! Haha omg Lololol this ones so accurate Where did you find that portrait of me? He's got that Kai Wynn "Bless you, my child" (now go eff off) vibe.

I want to adopt this as my profile picture! Truth . It’s hard to learn how to communicate, that’s for sure. I’m lucky to have my partner sharing in it with me. Especially this year. Don’t ask me about next month, cause you are NOT ready to hear that shit. Buy some shelf stable food and candles. Go ahead, Caller, you're in a safe zone. I wouldn't say that all the people in my life aren't spiritual.  Some are, but there is often a select few that think I'm nuts when I mention some of it. Big fact Those who know do not speak. Those who speak do not know. Lao Tzu. frrr i’ve tried to explain but everyone is not a true believer like i am Bullshit If you're hearing voices before you sleep, that's not a spiritual awakening, that's a mental illness. Please seek help Preach! LMAO!!!!!! Doesn't the bible say about each one having gifts and mentions prophecy being one of them? Agnosticism is the solution. Most mainstream religions nowadays are ironic, hypocritical, dogmatic and also seem to have been manipulated from its original purpose in order to control people. It's important to break free from these chains of religion if you want to explore other aspects of reality. You don't have to stop believing in God, you just have to stop believing in religion. I'm Christian.  Possibly more spiritual.  I don't condemn or judge. I find it ( this subreddit) interesting and I'm sure someone else might judge me for that. Not worried about it. I'm more here to listen and learn. I don't possess anything other than maybe intuitive or sensitive. I see it as some have gifts..well we all do, but I think some are able to really dial in or cultivate their gift. So, I enjoy their gifts and appreciate them for sharing it. My mom has had psychic abilities since she was a teen & she is very much Christian. There are very few people that she has actually told due to such stigma on the subject within the Christian religion. Though it's something she has learned to embrace. Her abilities have brought her great comfort. They are a gift. I suggest breaking away from religion & focus on your relationship with God & the gift he has given you.

Note that the Bible does contradict the idea that seers have their psychic abilities through the devil... yet the Bible also talks about prophets who are described as being psychic, except they get their gifts from God. I think people get caught up in thr idea that prophets are supposed to be these huge figures, when in reality they were in fact ordinary people. Meditating helps a lot. I don't know what they are but I've seen them too. Well, sure environment has an affect on our mental, emotional, physical and spiritual development.  That said, it's hard to say what affect various environments would have on someone.  Sometimes adversity makes people more psychically open whether or not being psychic equates with one's spirituality is pretty individualistic though. People are complete products of their environments. I do mean 100%. So, yes. I don't know what your goals are, but one of the biggest environmental negative influences on children (besides parents) are school systems. In many ways, but primarily influences from peers. I've been to a few different school districts, the smaller ones always seemed much better (though poorer and likley less educational), the peers are better. Cities… I think it depends on the situation. But being able to sink really deep into relaxed meditation helps. Shamanic journeying and obe's help.And it takes practice to discern what's really there and what your mind wants to invent.

Maybe start with shamanic journeying. There are guided meditations on Youtube to help with that.   
Then try obe's.   
Everything is energy and we're all connected. I really believe anyone can remote view with enough practice.  


Good luck! Not sure but this might help r/remoteviewing Try and imagine you're in a white room and there's a door. Ask whatever and open the door. Do not think and allow the picture to come. Or you don't even need to imagine a white room. It's quite an easy method and quick. Lookup Monroe institute gateway project. I believe the cia research into this was part of the remote viewing programs. Memorys a bit fuzzy There was a type of remote viewing where you could look out of someone elses eyes thousands of miles away. It takes the skill of the host person though, they are professionaly trained and the link you in via a form of hynotism. Yes!!! Thank you for typing “remote viewing” I have been wanting to research this for 2 weeks and I could not for the life of me remember what it was called.  🤣👍 You ever hear that saying about not being on the same wavelength as other people?   

Or have those friends of friends you just can’t get seem to really ‘click’ with? You’ve got the same friends, same interests, same sense of humour, and in theory you should get along like a house on fire too, and yet….you just don’t 

We aren’t all on the same wavelength! It happens when giving readings too, some people you just can’t read, for absolutely no good reason at all, it just doesn’t happen. Life is just like that. Some people are naturally more defensive (and naturally better at mentally shielding & blocking others), some people work at blocking others, illness both physical and mental can block it, tiredness and stress do, being over emotional can do massively. On either or both sides. Sometimes it’s a temporary thing, sometimes it’s more permanent but some people just aren’t on your wavelength and you just aren’t on theirs. Hope you guys are having fun. Spirit are everywhere and near you all the time. I can record them in any cemetery,  public places like retail outlets, hospitals, and many homes. etc. Most are ghosts (stuck for some reason) but some may also be from the light. Any being telling you an exact future is either in a deception themselves or trying to trick you. Maybe both.

You might be able to make an educated guess based on patterns you’re seeing but there’s no way to know exactly what will happen in the future. That’s the nature of the chaotic energy of the universe. Makes things more exciting. Seeing the same numbers frequently is a synchronicity, and a lot of the time they will appear when you are thinking abou/feeling something in order to tell you something about it, such as that you are on the right track, etc. I believe 777 is a good sign, and I’d recommend you to look up something like “angel number 777” or “777 synchronicity meaning”. A definition of synchronicity is, “an event of spiritual significance that ask us to momentarily dampen our self-obsession and consider the possibility of the divine. Synchronistic experiences leave us with a curious sense that we should pay attention.”

As for the dreams and the voice in your head, they are most likely precognitive dreams, which are basically dreams that predict the future. You should definitely keep a dream journal if you aren’t already. Most of my precognitive dreams are about events that happen between right when I wake up to when I fall asleep the next day, though some can be about events months from when I had the dream. Although, if the warnings are about really bad things happening and making you feel scared or depressed, etc, then it may be a negative entity that is going into your dreams. As to where the voice comes from if it really is precognitive, it’s your subconscious/your higher self, although none of my precognitive dreams have downright told me in words what it is, so it might be a spirit guide/benevolent entity for some reason. Id say listen to them 777.. is mostly from my side yeah Compared to average people, you sound very unburdened and free; even just how vividly you can do this while in a conscious state is above average. Many people might have blockages put in place by others, at least according to my recent research, and some people are troubled by spirits doing unwanted things to them.

I've wanted to be able to meditate in peace without sudden intrusions created by other beings, let alone see through my mind's eye clearly enough; yet things can often be staticky. And my greatest dream has been to imagine my own realities similar to how you described, however that's very difficult for me to do consciously. I have seen beings and practiced telepathy with them. Can do it with certain people, some people are like bricks.

Most people who hear me just smile, some have told me they aren't supposed to talk about it. Pretty interesting to practice telepathy with someone and then have them respond verbally as well.

Have also noticed some people's eyes have certain odd qualities, when they appear to me others freak out when they see me - think they can see my aura or whatever as well.

One person whose eyes appeared blue - white dots all over, looked at me and said "you're not supposed to be here" and ran away. 

One person saw floating candy that one of these people gave to me before. I decided not to eat the candy.


Can I see otherworldly entities or something? Lovely. Let's make mediumship (and the world's information flow in general) more efficient:

Traditional mediumship is inefficient because the medium can only connect one person and one spirit at one time. Most people don't know how to get information directly, and the number of practising mediums is small. Let's instead drag people into this newly constructed place where they can send or perceive spiritual information better. Now more people can get connected at the same time and one person communicating to multiple people at once is possible. And unlike traditional mediumship, the entire sensory stream is available for connection.

Enjoy what the world should be like. Yes.

One time a woman was trying to take my job. At the time I was her boss. I sent her to another state to do some training with an office we had there. A tree fell on her car. The next time she was in a different state, and she got food poisoning. She was stuck in the hotel for three days. She quit.

Things like that happen with me all the time. 

You just have to remember not to be happy about it, don’t celebrate their loss. That would be against Karma. Not sure if it's the same as this but when I feel really angry and disturbed due to someone hurting me or saying mean things, it seems to affect them. I once lent some money to a friend/co-worker inspite of his bad history of repaying the money on time because he was almost begging me to give him money. He didn't return the money at the time he promised. Later, he left the job and when I contacted him about the money, he started to abuse me and said mean things. I felt very disturbed for days thinking this is what I get for helping someone in need. After getting back at him, he did promise to pay the money back soon but that was again a lie. I also got to know that he took money from one of my other friends who I had lent money to on the pretext of giving it back to me but he never did. This infuriated me a lot, I had a lot of negative feelings and anger towards him. Later when I tried to get in touch with him, I got to know that he died in an accident! The person I spoke with also sent me a photo as proof of him being dead in the accident and tbh the accident seemed to be pretty bad. I have a pure heart and feel that if someone tries to mess up with it, I have the ability to curse that person. Listen, wait, just be open. I ask questions. I take directions.

I meditate There is a similarity that all channelers share, beside being the Creator, they all meditate. 

Some channeler may take days or years for conditioning to takes its place. While in meditation, while the intellect is silent, the desire to channel start taking place, there is a pressure in the jaw, the body tends to move automatically, one starts to feel like one is reading a book, concepts are being impressed slowly. There will be a pressure in the backnof the head, in the cerebellum, because the higher self or a higher being its sending a narrow band frequency of thoughts, it is the entrance point of conditioning. 

There has to be a desire and intent to serve the One Infinite Creator. This desire is an impetus, a driving force. Avail the self to the Creator within and this shall take place. All in meditation. I will say from my experience. It was a bit hard at first. I tried to do automatic writing but it was a bit tricky. But it got better later on as my heart chakra cleared up more. The first I channeled is my on and off partner's higher self. I meditated and tried to asked his higher self "Allow me to feel your energy".... thus I did and I tried not to think and just let the thoughts come out. Some of these beings had very powerful energy, like it could break open my body as most these were from a higher place. It's just possession in a way but you are in control and can kick them out. Now I don't really do it much these days. Just simple telepathy and reading their energy to know if they are who they say they are. What does channeling mean to you? Is it a flow of energy or information? Is it allowing another spirit to borrow your body? These things can happen. Mind over matter is a reality. Unfortunately most of us are unaware how powerful are we are.

John I have, I personally could do telekinesis, but I haven't figured out how I do it yet. When my mom gets spooked from a show or anything her tv and devices act strangely with weird screen tears and pauses to a complete shutoff, I try not to let her watch spooky stuff now. Yeah I get this a lot but it mainly makes things fall over or fly about. The other day my girlfriend came to check at me at work because paintings kept falling of the wall and I’d been having an awful day Around the time of my extreme psychic awakening I felt energy or something shoot out of my body in all directions and it make the bed of the mental institution I was in squeak and wiggle and the room shook slightly. This happened twice in about a 10 min period. Hasn't happened years since. Years ago I would walk into a room and the light blows out. Happened like 4-5 times hasnt happened in a while. This post just made me remember That’s cool af! I don’t do that but I once had an electric swoosh suddenly go through my head and the power went completely out! I also asked my spirit guides to prove they were real and asked them to set of my fire alarm and they did within seconds, months later I asked again bc I was seriously doubting and they set it off AGAIN -within seconds! I also feel spirits around me and touch me several times a week. It’s wild [deleted] It’s kus everything is energy including our emotions so that is why it influences everything else around us A long time ago, but was fighting with my mom and a lightbulb literally flickered & fizzled out in our house. Did you know that telekinesis is totally real scientifically speaking?

It's just almost impossible to replicate or control especially under scientific observation.

But telekinesis itself has ben well documented even in animals for many years. Unfortunately, it's almost impossible to control (in the state of today's science). It's a natural phenomenon that usually happens *unconsciously*.

It does happen. We just don't know how. Hahahahahahahaha [removed] Kind of. My tv freezes. sounds like a super-normal ability that can be honed.. I believe its possible Yeah...lights, radios, anything involving cell phone towers.

One time I told my friend how I could turn speakers and lights off and on from across the room. He said I was a witch and if I did it again he'd stop talking to me.Also I come from a conservative Christian background...so I took that as a sign that I shouldn't mess with energy like that. I haven't tried it since.

But yea, intense moods definitely affect the world around me.Everything is energy so it makes sense.. I will explain but anyway, nobody will give a damn about it  so... yawn... We’re all different so if you don’t get that gut feeling, that’s okay, you may just receive information differently and not be aware what your ‘tells’ are, for want of a better word. 

Personally, I find intuition is cool, detached, calm and unemotional, very matter of fact, but anxiety is quite urgent, it’s emotional and repetitive. Intuition (unless I’m actively performing a reading and wanting to tune into it deliberately) is just a thought that appears from nowhere, there’s no train of thought or no discernible track where that that thought came from. Anxiety has a trail. 

If I’m painting and decorating I may be thinking about laying dust sheets, checking my brushes, getting the scissors and masking tape so if suddenly from nowhere I have a matter of fact thought that my neighbours cat is stuck in a shed across the road, that’s intuition. I wasn’t thinking about the neighbour or the cat, I wasn’t thinking anything remotely connected to them, the thought just crashed into my head. There’s no emotion in that thought, although my emotion will follow after the thought when I’m panicking for the cat!

If that thought wasn’t about the cat or the neighbour, say it was a thought I’d kick the paint over and ruin the carpet, that’s anxiety. I was thinking about decorating, my mind is focused on it so I can see a clear train of thought that would lead me to the anxious thought. It’s a panicking kind of thought and it repeats screaming in my head. Anxieties are often fear based. Intuition isn't based on fear. Its more of a knowing instead of beign afraid.

Over time youwill learn how to discern those two better. Intuition is more of a flash. 
Anxiety is more intrusive. 
Dunno if that makes sense. 🤷🏼‍♀️ Intuition for me is just knowing.
Anxiety makes me indecisive.

If I question it and I'm unsure: anxiety.
If I question it and I still feel like it's true/right/going to happen: intuition.

I'm like you, very detached. No emotion to my intuition. So that's why I also cognitively analyze it to tell the difference.

The times it is a feeling it's a flowing blanaced feeling. Anxiety feels stressed, rushed and "bumpy". Haha Completely normal. Third eye in particular is very sensitive and many people like you will instantly feel pressure here. If you continue you are working on your third eye and opening it.

Yes you should continue even if its uncomfortable unless you start getting headache and also don't forget to work on your lower chakras first. They tend to be very neglected. If you ever hear instructions to harm yourself or another, that is psychotic. Psychic attunement is peaceful, uplifting, and supportive. Just don’t go blindly fallowing the words of something. Much love and peace. But has an actual radio station tuned in to you. It’s scary and overwhelming. If you ever hear voices telling you to harm yourself or another, please seek medical intervention. try to think of it not as good and bad, real or non real, but as phenomena that promote love/truth/happiness or phenomena that promote delusion/anger/desire. there is no clear answer, but you may have other useful thoughts as you ponder the question Two pieces of advice. 1. Practice grounding exercises. This means honoring your current ego and physical body in a healthy way, whether that be through excercise or visualizing energetic roots that connect you to earth. Sometimes, we can get too caught up with the crown/soul connection that it causes dissociation. You may even access information that isn't really meant for you, and that can lead you astray. Balance is key. This will help with the psychosis. 

2. Work on clearing out energy blockages/unbalanced energy centers. Many times, this can be caused by trauma or fear. And this can block the flow of your energy. Everyone channels energy differently, so some people are more affected than others depending on where those blockages are.  Once you do that, your gifts will become much stronger. This is not something that can typically be done in a day. It takes consistent practice. I'm also connected to my higher self and higher than the higher self, source. We're like radios true, but we are are 'it'. It takes practice, time, logic to understand your thoughts more and where it could come from. I read the energy source of the words I gain to know if it's lower vibe or higher vibe, energy vampire like. Just be a good energy reader, understand how it makes you feel, try to see if there's any 'false' light or if it's truly light by finding the the root. What mental illness are you talking about if you don't mind disclosing? start to meditate I have experience with opening my third eye I started meditating 3 days and then one night I felt this pressure right in the middle of my eyebrow and if it gets to much pressure just breathe but if you don’t feel it then keep practicing Before you open your third eye, make sure you are spiritually awakened and balance your lower chakras so that you are grounded and don't get overwhelmed. Looking at your comments, I'm not sure if it's a good idea to open your third eye forcefully without having some solid foundations. These solid foundations are meditation and a belief system, among others. Awakening the third eye will take a toll on your spiritual and mental strength if you are not ready. It's like asking to join a rally race when you haven't even got your driver's license. It's a BIG risk. But you do you. i think the experience of opening your third eye is going to be different and special for each individual, but when it happens you’ll know without a shadow of a doubt. mine almost popped, it felt like i had finally made enough connections in my thinking and something snapped I hope this helps you Avoid tf out of florinated water. It attaches to the pineal gland.  Im always much sharper the less I drink.  Take magnesium citrate as it will help your body remove it. Hey, at least you're not the only weirdo! 👋 Hi, I'm a weirdo in public too.

I don't have answers, I only have solidarity. I really caution against using psychedelics until one can command their focus & will their energy. At the very least, absolutely microdose. 

3D reality envelopes us like an eggshell. It's both a boundary/limitation, as well as a protective sheath. Trauma & spiritual practice both knock at &/or chip away at this boundary. Psychedelics can blow it wide open, allowing consciousness to traverse far past it. But as this crack allows you to go out, it also can allow things to come in. This is the basis of psychic phenomena. People are eager to shatter this line, but experience & wisdom teaches us to love this line, & to develop a pure sensitive subtle state which allows us to sense the vibrations around this line safely. What you term as an awakening, objectively, could be judged as a breakdown.

So if we pad this premise out a bit and go along the timeline to now, what we are witnessing seems to be along the same lines of disassociation. 

Acting 'weird' as you term it would be perceived to me as acting uncontrollably.

I'd say it's a health issue that you've confused with a few different things. Sure you've probably unlocked some different perceptions, but has it been advantageous to you? Doesn't sound like you are either in control or able to interpret the energy in a healthy way.

Am I totally wrong, before your ego downvotes the f out of me? It took me a long time to get comfortable in public. Out of my 7 year journey into spirituality, only in this last year have I finally fortified myself enough to not be moved by other people's energy. 

Most of that came from yeah, healing myself and teaching myself the power of my belief, and how my negative beliefs were manifesting themselves and working against me. Once I figured that out, and started putting positive beliefs in place... Well, I basically feel invincible now. Nobody can stop me, and I'm the master of my reality. 

It's good you feel full of love tho, idk if you believe in God but they love that. If you're open to psychedelics, I 100% recommend using them to find God, or your higher power/guide etc. Last Christmas I was reunited with God during a trip and it really sunk in the truth around me. It also opened my connection and I can hear them much better now, even sober.

Set your intention ahead of time, like a week. Say okay, on this day and this time I will do this psychedelic (I've only tried LSD and shrooms) and make contact with God. Keep that intention in place and think about what you wanna ask, know, experience etc. God appreciates wanting to make contact, so I guarantee you will encounter SOMETHING good if you set that intention. They'll spill all the tea for you, or at least the tea you need in that moment. Just be open to the answers. I am weird in public.  I choose to not care what others think.  So I randomly ask a person.. hey do you know a tall blond with blue eyes.. oh she passed.  Well what is her name.  Oh Janet. Ok well Janet says she is watching over you and that the bills will get paid and stop stressing.  

*Leaves behind a confused, teary eyed cashier and a line of confused people behind me.*

I often see spirits when out in public and have to be polite and cheery while trying to not appear to weird because i have freaked people out by causing a spirit to become visible to family members and others.  It causes alot of interesting conversations.

Plus im a human lie detector. I can tell when salesmen and others are lying to me. same, i totally feel and understand this. waking up is so isolating. Obsidian for protection, my dear. I agree totally with u/fromtheredwoods, I do not use drugs of any kind. I hate them as they "do stuff" to my physical body.  migraine and stuff. I do not use them.  and in your case and position, I would not recommend them either.

In my experience, have you seen dragon ball?  I do that,  I project fire from my manipura chakra (the one in the plexus) and it surrounds me, protecting me and burning everything that comes to me that should not arrive.

Keep meditating, work on your belief system, and you will get there. for sure.  We are all here for you, u/Ok_Argument1174 You can try LSD to heal any past traumas. Worked wonders for me! What do you mean by being "weird" in public? They tell you you’ve got a curse/been hexed/bad juju/negative energy they just so happen to be able to fix…. For a fee of course. 

They contact you out of the blue because ‘they feel drawn to you’. No really, they aren’t and you really aren’t their ‘beloved’ either..,, 

They want your DOB, full name, mothers maiden name, SS or NI number, 3 photographs and inside leg measurements. Asking for ONE of those should suffice for them to anchor to. DOB may result in an astrological or numerology reading, which is okay if that’s what you want, but not really a ‘psychic’ reading. Asking for all that information should be a major red flag. Don’t give any information you aren’t comfortable with, a good reader will understand. And no, don’t ever give you SS, NI or mothers maiden name out. Keep your wits about you. 

Your ‘reading’ costs more than a months rent 

They want to charge you for a cleansing 

They give you an egg/spirit jar/energy water/white cloth/insert any other prop to bring back in a months time so they can ‘review’ whether you need further services. (The original set up is usually free, it’s when you return they use this prop to claim you’re under spiritual attack, demonic presence/bad energies etc)

They try to upsell you crystals/spells/candles. If you really want to buy X after a reading, source the thing yourself. Plenty of people get conned spending way too much money for what are in all honesty pretty painted rocks that should cost pennies

They insist you need more readings or ‘services’ more than once every 6/8 months 

They tell you they can guarantee your future or claim to be 100% accurate 100% of the times. Especially about future predictions

They say they will draw your soul mate

They claim to be able to remove any blockages that is keeping your soulmate away/money away/stopping you being happy

They post offers on the spiritual Reddit subs asking you to ‘comment ME’ below

They want a ‘donation’ before they’re even done a reading for you

They approach you first rather than you contact them (this applies in person as well as online) 

They ask too many questions (asking if you have a sibling then telling you about your relationship with your younger sister is good, asking if you have a sister, then asking if you get on, then asking how you feel about her before declaring ‘you don’t really get on with your sister do you? Not so good. Some questions should be asked for clarity and to ensure your reader is on the right track)

They ‘read’ things that is openly & readily available information online (if you comment asking about a particular cars details on a car sub here, it’s not rocket science to conclude you may be thinking about purchasing that same car!) 

The reading sounds vague enough that you could read it to a few friend and they’d relate exactly to it too. 

Nothing makes sense on the reading, you can’t relate to anything they say and they still insist they’re right and you’re wrong. 

I’ll add more when I think of them! The only thing I would say do is steer clear of spiritualists who have thousands of followers on Twitter (or other mindless apps) who charge hundreds of dollars for things as simple as divination sessions. A LOT of people get turned away from mystical acts simply because of these individuals whose whole existence is fueled by their spirituality hot-takes on an app. 
I offer readings for free. Of course donations are accepted, but I'd never charge someone for asking the divine/universe questions about their life. Especially when in today's society most people don't have any real connection with the unseen. 

If you want to guage someone's legitimacy, ask them where they get their teachings, how they initiated themselves in the belief system, or how they noticed they had psychic abilities. Trust your intuition. More often than not you will be able to sense bs. I mean. The spirits guiding youand/or universe is  always around. I doubt they would lie to a sincere individual looking for assistance. 

✨️ Big money up front usually means  big BS . if they say they can take away your negative energy or if they charge a lot of money theyre scammers One told me that I was born with a dark cloud hovering above me. I believe that though, as hard as it was to hear. Read into the art of mentalist or mentalism. Knowing the tricks of the trade can help distinguish authenticity from performers. I just know. I thought this said “Physics.” I would watch out for those who are all about $$$.  If they cannot do anything without you showing some money or want to take advantage of the situation with rising rates or ambiguous rates, then they are scamming you.  I went on a haunted walking tour with a very well-known medium who used to be on television.  He said he would not be doing any readings that night and then went on and on about how psychic he is and all the wonderful things he can do.  At no point in the night, did he add to the walking tour except for bragging about his "gifts."  I started thinking to myself, that if this person did have a gift, he would want to make believers out of everyone and we would then happily pay a fee for a reading.  But he refused and just kept talking about how gifted he was and how many spirits he communicated with.  He then told people they could contact him for a $300/hour reading since he was so gifted.  Trust your instincts and if it sounds like a scam, it usually is. In my experience,if they ask questions at all. The good psychics I've been to have never played 20 questions with me lol. They won't consciously (or unconsciously - tho being involuntarily psychic isn't uncommon) react to the movements of your inner world. 

The big secret is that we can all do this.

A fake psychic can be a real psychic, they're just too busy in their head playing the role of one, rather than facing the realities of others, and therefore picking up on their deeper thoughts and energies. It’s pretty easy to tell when ur face to face with them, but lets be honest too anyone who messages you for a read or says they can read you from anywhere, they’re probably full of it you won’t question if they are fake or not, it will be obvious to you. validation is part of their job. By asking them exactly what they feel when they have a premonition, how it translates from spirit to themselves, and how they decipher the message intended. They call it a gift, I sometimes wonder about that. References Period. They are all fake All of them are fake I was scammed by a woman who has a YouTube channel and does readings. She asked a ton of questions and actually just confirmed everything I said. (This was before I figured out my psychic abilities.) I started developing my abilities and unknowingly attracted a demon. I contacted the woman in a panic pleading for her help and she completely ignored me. It was a rude awakening. My Guardian Angel later confirmed to me the woman was a scam artist. I felt so stupid. yes….they charge money No, people have to develop their own judgement and process of discernment. Nevermind the psychic space, so much of human culture is fake and that fakeness is promoted or even originally laid down by the very systems we trust to induct us into human culture e.g., the education system, scientific communities and authorities of all kinds

By now, what is actually fake is so widely believed that good natured people defend their fake beliefs and cling to them as though their lives would only have meaning if what they have learned is true.

So now, from such a mess how can psychics be monitored for quality? Take doctors, we have to be registered on a board or council and this gives people confidence that their doctors know what they are talking about. Together with their dedication to learning and passing exams it also gives the doctor confidence that they know what they are talking about and practicing. However, all of that is fake from another more advanced perspective on health and so in the bigger picture the regulations and monitoring of that profession is meaningless. If you can't meaningfully regulate the healthcare profession, then what chance is there with psychics? Muscle testing. Read dr hawkins power v force 1. Inauthentic by intuition/ it feels wrong/ like a performance. Claim to be ‘woke’ and use a lot of buzz words; tribe lol. 
2. Claim to be or channel influential people / idols/ Jesus (101 for fraud, the amount of people who apparently can all do this at the same time in interesting maybe Jesus had BPD 😂).
3. Unable to share anything concrete and non-generic about your past. Never trust anyone to provide you insight into your present or potential paths who cannot effectively share about your past. 
4. Play hot and cold with you.
5. Money minded/ offers seem like MLM. They want you to buy bundles of services and offer very little 1:1 live service. I do not do pre-recorded personalised services, this is only adequate for information/ learning.
6. Self absorbed and boast about material things, having a following in itself is not an issue, but how we refer to people who associate with us is telling. 
7. They often spiritual bypass a lot, never address it and share about how their services can rid you of developmental trauma for example. Nope. Get a talk therapist. 
8. They emphasise tools over practice. Don’t get me wrong, we all love a good crystal, but that is not the practice and often appropriates other cultures and practices. They often sell a whole load of aesthetically amazing gear too. I don’t need any cups, feather pens or crystals from a psychic though. 
9. They just came out of nowhere from the corporate world. Often spiritual people are humble and they don’t care about money so they are less inclined to find themselves in these environments for long periods of time before exercising their gifts. Sounds like a nest egg, retirement plan with free holiday retreats to me. 🤣🤣 
10. They spend a lot of time evaluating or bashing others instead of on the work.
11. None of their prior psychic work is robust and they have poor reviews. Or claim to have 100% success rate. I don’t even have 100% success rate controlling how much salt I put in my food. Usually if they're trying too hard lol or if they keep nagging you to pay because "the spirits have an urgent message for you". Channeling? OK everybody saying it's "possession" is incorrect. Calm down. You'll be fine. People jump to extreme negatives so quickly.

I totally share this gift with you. I have these same things happen when I do a reading. My voice changes, my mannerisms, everything. Just because you experience this DOES NOT mean you have gotten possessed.

It does mean that you most likely are a trance medium, have some telepathic ability, and some deeply empathic ability. I myself have these abilities. I have done channeling and some physical mediumship as well and I am not possessed. People freak out at what they don't understand.

I really think this is mostly linked to telepathic abilities. Telepathy as most commonly experienced doesn't mean reading peoples' minds--but you are able to read their intentions and their "vibe" very easily.

So questions for you--

Do you seem to "know" people when you first meet them? I mean you just meet them, yet you have a very good idea of what their personality is like? Whether they are trustworthy or not, dangerous, or kind, or high energy/low energy, etc.?

Have you ever answered someone's question before they asked it? Most probably someone close to you?

Have you ever gotten a vibe right away that someone is dangerous and you noped out for no reason right away?

When you do readings for people, do you get the feelings of how they passed? Feel pain in the lungs and find out they had breathing issues? Had pain in the head and found it was an aneurism?

All this is signs of telepathy. It overlaps with the other clairs--but it's like you have more of a direct tie to the qualia (or the direct subjective experience) of another person. You tune into others minds very easily. You may not read their exact thoughts, but you're pretty darn sure of what they are thinking.

Your mind is like a radio tuner that just really easily glommed onto the frequency of the spirit you were talking to. The spirit got excited that you tuned in so well and they went in strong. It doesn't mean you actually let them take over your body. It's more like they are standing right behind you very close, metaphorically speaking, and you're temporarily sharing an aura.

If it gets uncomfortable tell them to back off. Tell them you've cut contact and it's time to leave. Shake it off (literally). Move your body, dance around. Take a walk. Do something YOU specifically like to do and reclaim your space. Imagine white loving light purifying your energy body and aura and know that you occupy your own space and mind and nobody else.

It can be scary, and weird because not a lot of people have this experience/ability. Because it's not that common people freak out and jump to negative conclusions and throw around words like possession, oppression, etc. It's nonsense.

State your intentions to communicate and communicate only before you begin. Make it clear you only communicate with spirit that is aligned with love and light and kindness and compassion only. Protect yourself, then clearly tell them you're done, then cleanse your energy. Channeling…or trance mediumship Channelling (mediumship), or empathic absorption. 

Given that you felt tired after, probably channelling. I advise looking into energy cultivation methods, like qigong. The oracles of Tibet that channel the spirit kings have a shortened lifespan doing this kind of work. It could be many different things. However, control is priority when expanding consciousness and things of the like. It would be wise to have protection of some sort and have firm boundaries. If energy/entities come in and out of you like a convenience store then that’s definitely not good. Although performing Work can sometimes leave a person drained but something like that is most likely something else using your energy. A prudent/cautious way of doing divination or any kind of Work would be to cleanse, protect, connect, Work, cleanse again, and ground. Ask them to step back It's called posession. If you don't choose to do it and control it, it's not good. It is a sign of lack of control of your own astral body and weak psychic defences. The danger is that the spirits may not leave or can infect you with negative energy making you ill or drain your energy causing low emotion, heart palpitations, dizziness, exhaustion or nausea. lMongolian and voodoo shaman are trained to control this. The general rule is don't let other beings into your energy field unless you invite them and control it. Psychic realities offer many amazing experiences, but being amazing is no guarrantee they are safe. The ability is called trance mediumship. It's found in the crown chakra. Trance mediumship is the ability to allow another being to come into your body and take over for awhile. This is different from what are called mediums, which are psychics that can talk to spirit guides and relay messages. It's sometimes called channeling, but that can mean different things, from channeling energy or information all the way to bringing in a being into your body.

Well done on recognizing that a different soul personality has entered your body. Great first step.

If you wish to read people and not bring in beings, you need to be grounded. Here's why:

You already know what it feels like to be high on an energy level. That's the vibration that spirit guides will match and come into your body. Grounding it the opposite in one sense, but more complex than higher or lower vibration conveys.

Try this. Sit in a chair. Close your eyes. Take a deep breath. Feet flat on the floor. Hands separated and resting palms up on each thigh.

Create a grounding cord. This is a line of energy that connects your first chakra to the center of the planet. Your first chakra is a ball of energy about the size of a quarter that sits just in front of the base of your spine. Your grounding cord attaches to the bottom of that ball of energy.

Grounding makes your body feel safe, so you release energy more easily. Gravity pulls whatever you release, even your own energy, down to the center of the planet. No effort on your part. The center of the planet neutralizes the energy and returns it to whoever owns it. No karma for anyone. A virtuous cycle.

Nearly everyone goes to connect to the center of the planet the first time but stops at the soil, often making roots like a tree. This is a method that is taught in some martial arts styles, but it is not the best option for your spiritual development and healing.

So, notice the seat of your chair. Take a deep breath. Notice the distance between the seat and the floor. Now notice the distance between the floor and the soil below. Breathe.

Now notice the distance between the soil and the water table underneath. Notice the distance between the water table and the rocky mantle. Notice the distance between the mantle and the molten core below that. Deep breath.

Notice the distance between the molten core and the center of the planet. That ball of light at the very center of the planet is where you connect your grounding cord. Deep breath.

Say hello to the center of the planet. Do you get a hello back?

Notice the color and texture of your grounding cord. It may look like a line of energy, or look like something physical; a rope, a wire, a pipe, a tree trunk. Adjust it as needed to be in affinity with your body.

Getting this far means you've already released some energy from your aura and body. Now it is time to fill in the space that was created.

Create a gold sun over your head. Have it call back all of your energy from wherever you left it throughout your day and week. Work. School. Online meetings. Video games. Your fantasies about your future. Your regrets about your past. Wherever you've placed your attention. Just watch the energy come back and see if you notice where it came from.

Have the sun burn up and neutralize your energy. Then bring the sun into the top of your head. It will automatically flow into the spaces you created. Create a gauge to measure when you're full. Like a fuel gauge or oil gauge. You'll run better if you aren't a few quarts low on spiritual oil. If the gauge doesn't read "Full", bring in another gold sun.

Open your eyes, bend over and touch the floor, draining any tension from the back of your neck, then stand up, and stretch.

There is a progression with this technique. After grounding for ten minutes a day for a week or two, notice your grounding cord at the very end, while you're standing with your eyes open. Continue to ground with your eyes open and standing, and bring in another gold sun. Each day, increase the amount of time that you ground standing up with your eyes open.

After a week or two practicing this, add walking while grounded. Just notice your grounding cord as you walk. Say hello to the center of the planet while you walk. Bring in a gold sun while you walk.  If you lose your grounding cord, stop walking and recover it. If you have to, sit back down and close your eyes and create a new grounding cord.

After this, you're ready to take your grounding cord with you into your daily life. Shopping. Getting coffee. Wherever you go, you can ground. This, combined with a little amusement about seeing new things on an energy level, will keep you safe and sound.

Now that you're here, at the end of your grounding meditations, create a gold sun over your head. This time, fill it with your highest creative essence, your present time growth vibration, and your affinity for yourself. The first energy is a healing for you. The second is a healing for your body. The third is a healing for your affinity in your fourth chakra.

Bend over and touch the floor. Stand up and stretch. If you're ready for more, sit back down and ground some more. Otherwise, have a nice day!

Note that every image you imagine, the gold sun, the grounding cord, the center of the planet, your first chakra, your body parts, is exercising your clairvoyance. You may be imagining what your tailbone looks like, but you're also creating the image of your tailbone and reading its energy. This is practicing your clairvoyant ability.

If you ground this way to the center of the planet before you do readings, and notice your grounding at different times during your readings, you'll have a much easier time doing the readings and you won't feel drained when you're done. U are being possessed by the guides, not channeling as per others comments. At least it wasn't bad entities. Take control of yourself by learning how to be a better person first before starting on this kind of journey. Shadow work is really important so work on that before starting anything else. Mental illness Possession 101. Lecture and levitation to follow. There will be a test. Offering 1 FREE Yes/No question per person. In order to allow for everyone to be able to get their 1 question Yes/No, I will not be answering follow-ups. I will be prioritising those who haven’t gotten their 1 question before over those who have been read by me! 

Just a friendly reminder to structure your question in a yes/no format. I look forward to reading for you! :)

Edit: I would prefer to refrain from answering questions on health, legal issues, death and pregnancy. Offering a few free readings for what you need to know/hear right now. 
Or I could answer a question you have **If post is up, I am still open to questions!** ✨

I’m an Claircogziant and Clairaudient Medium offering one free yes or no question per person **via chat.** Please send your name(s) and question in the chat! 

*Please follow up with a healthcare 
professional on all health related questions*

*Readings are based on current energies*

*I will not answer any questions related to death, or law related questions or give legal advice*

*I have the right to refuse to answer questions that do not follow these guidelines.* [deleted] Offering free channeled msgs for a select few... comment if interested!!! [removed] Sleep paralysis can be scary,  but it's nothing to worry about or to be taken as an omen. It's more of the beginning stages of astral projection.  I get it often and usually entities are around when you open your second body eyes. Ghosts are literally everywhere and it's way easier to see them in an OBE state.

Sometimes your mind will create things to scare you to stay in your body too. 

Don't worry 😉 there’s nothing wrong with what happened and it’s especially common when napping and overly tired. if it’s scary for your boyfriend to not be able to come out of it, know this- breathe heavy and then hold your breath, alternating between the two quickly. it will connect your brain back to your body and you wake up within a few seconds. anyway, hopefully he can get to the point where he enjoys it. many people practice sleep paralysis for astral projection :) He had a hypnagogic hallucination.  It's pretty common with sleep paralysis. People are mentioning beginning of astral projection of out of body experience. They may be right. Also, the seeing the future or past could also be true.

**But the main purpose of SP** (sleep paralysis) is to make us not able to move when we start to dream. Our body does this automatically every time we go into REM stage and start to dream, and it also automatically releases the SP paralysis the moment we stop dreaming or wake up.

Sometimes we can actually notice being in SP when our body fails to notice that we are already awake and it thinks we are still asleep.

People who are activelly trying to AP or OBE or Lucid dream via WILD method are most likely to become aware of this natural phenomena.

It can be scary, because we think we are awake but we can't move, so our minds make up stories to explain this. And that can be scary. At that time we can also have hallucinations which can look like we see our real room or real people around us. Or we see or hear things that are not really there.

*But no, by no means this is anything bad. No omens, no warnings, nothing dangerous is going to happen to you guys.*

You can astually try this out yourself if you feel like it. Lay down and don't move. Just like if yoy were trying to go to sleep. Pretty soon your mind will think your body is asleep because you didn't move in a long time and it will start shutting down the brain as well. But if you consiouslly try to keep your mind awake just by thinking some mantra (prayer) for example : "I want to see SP", you will start experiencing all kinds of strange sensations or visuals, which are normal and they happen every single time we are falling asleep. You will be able to notice them this time, because you are keeping your mind awake on purpose. He had the beginnings of an out-of-body experience. Not a big deal. Sorry that you feel upset about it. The other reality where people go has non-linear time, that's why he saw you. Sleep paralysis is a medical issue. He had a hypnogogic hallucination which is very common with sleep paralysis. This happens because your brain gets confused about whether it’s asleep or awake. It was likely caused by poor sleep due to the travel or possibly stress. When I get sleep paralysis I try to breathe and relax, which usually makes it pass a little more quickly as my body starts to relax. It's nothing scary. 

Try r/astralprojection If you don't wanna see any spirits I recommend not opening your third eye! I used to get like a high walking into a bar from feeling the fun and sexual energy. It could almost be a little addictive for me. But I could also tell well the energy went from intoxicating to sloppy. In that case I’d just leave and go someplace quieter. Or if the energy was off someplace just turn around and try someplace else. Or gravitate to someone whose vibe you are drawn to. first, ground your energy. learn grounding exercises and practice them throughout the day to continuously cleanse your energy. second, clear your aura and keep it clear/protected. it takes practice but you can feel other’s auras without absorbing their energy into your aura. Feeling energy comes from your clairsentience ability in your second chakra. Most folks use this as a form of protection; it helps them feel for threats.  Closing down your second chakra will dial down the intensity of your response to the energy. You'll feel more comfortable.

To close down your second chakra when walking into a club, you need to give your body something else to make it feel safe. That something else can be many things, but the one I share is a specific style of grounding.

Try this. Sit in a chair. Close your eyes. Take a deep breath. Feet flat on the floor. Hands separated and resting palms up on each thigh.

Create a grounding cord. This is a line of energy that connects your first chakra to the center of the planet. Your first chakra is a ball of energy about the size of a quarter that sits just in front of the base of your spine. Your grounding cord attaches to the bottom of that ball of energy.

Grounding makes your body feel safe, so you release energy more easily. Gravity pulls whatever you release, even your own energy, down to the center of the planet. No effort on your part. The center of the planet neutralizes the energy and returns it to whoever owns it. No karma for anyone. A virtuous cycle.

Nearly everyone goes to connect to the center of the planet the first time but stops at the soil, often making roots like a tree. This is a method that is taught in some martial arts styles, but it is not the best option for your spiritual development and healing.

So, notice the seat of your chair. Take a deep breath. Notice the distance between the seat and the floor. Now notice the distance between the floor and the soil below. Breathe.

Now notice the distance between the soil and the water table underneath. Notice the distance between the water table and the rocky mantle. Notice the distance between the mantle and the molten core below that. Deep breath.

Notice the distance between the molten core and the center of the planet. That ball of light at the very center of the planet is where you connect your grounding cord. Deep breath.

Say hello to the center of the planet. Do you get a hello back?

Notice the color and texture of your grounding cord. It may look like a line of energy, or look like something physical; a rope, a wire, a pipe, a tree trunk. Adjust it as needed to be in affinity with your body.

Getting this far means you've already released some energy from your aura and body. Now it is time to fill in the space that was created.

Create a gold sun over your head. Have it call back all of your energy from wherever you left it throughout your day and week. Work. School. Online meetings. Video games. Your fantasies about your future. Your regrets about your past. Wherever you've placed your attention. Just watch the energy come back and see if you notice where it came from.

Have the sun burn up and neutralize your energy. Then bring the sun into the top of your head. It will automatically flow into the spaces you created. Create a gauge to measure when you're full. Like a fuel gauge or oil gauge. You'll run better if you aren't a few quarts low on spiritual oil. If the gauge doesn't read "Full", bring in another gold sun.

Open your eyes, bend over and touch the floor, draining any tension from the back of your neck, then stand up, and stretch.

There is a progression with this technique. After grounding for ten minutes a day for a week or two, notice your grounding cord at the very end, while you're standing with your eyes open. Continue to ground with your eyes open and standing, and bring in another gold sun. Each day, increase the amount of time that you ground standing up with your eyes open.

After a week or two practicing this, add walking while grounded. Just notice your grounding cord as you walk. Say hello to the center of the planet while you walk. Bring in a gold sun while you walk.  If you lose your grounding cord, stop walking and recover it. If you have to, sit back down and close your eyes and create a new grounding cord.

After this, you're ready to take your grounding cord with you into your daily life. Shopping. Getting coffee. Wherever you go, you can ground. This, combined with a little amusement about seeing new things on an energy level, will keep you safe and sound.

Now that you're here, at the end of your grounding meditations, create a gold sun over your head. This time, fill it with your highest creative essence, your present time growth vibration, and your affinity for yourself. The first energy is a healing for you. The second is a healing for your body. The third is a healing for your affinity in your fourth chakra.

Bend over and touch the floor. Stand up and stretch. If you're ready for more, sit back down and ground some more. Otherwise, have a nice day!

Note that every image you imagine, the gold sun, the grounding cord, the center of the planet, your first chakra, your body parts, is exercising your clairvoyance. You may be imagining what your tailbone looks like, but you're also creating the image of your tailbone and reading its energy. This is practicing your clairvoyant ability. Maybe you need some new friends or only hang out with the ones with good vibes. Try this. Sit in a chair. Close your eyes. Take a deep breath. Feet flat on the floor. Hands separated and resting palms up on each thigh.

Create a grounding cord. This is a line of energy that connects your first chakra to the center of the planet. Your first chakra is a ball of energy about the size of a quarter that sits just in front of the base of your spine. Your grounding cord attaches to the bottom of that ball of energy.

Grounding makes your body feel safe, so you release energy more easily. Gravity pulls whatever you release, even your own energy, down to the center of the planet. No effort on your part. The center of the planet neutralizes the energy and returns it to whoever owns it. No karma for anyone. A virtuous cycle.

Nearly everyone goes to connect to the center of the planet the first time but stops at the soil, often making roots like a tree. This is a method that is taught in some martial arts styles, but it is not the best option for your spiritual development and healing.

So, notice the seat of your chair. Take a deep breath. Notice the distance between the seat and the floor. Now notice the distance between the floor and the soil below. Breathe.

Now notice the distance between the soil and the water table underneath. Notice the distance between the water table and the rocky mantle. Notice the distance between the mantle and the molten core below that. Deep breath.

Notice the distance between the molten core and the center of the planet. That ball of light at the very center of the planet is where you connect your grounding cord. Deep breath.

Say hello to the center of the planet. Do you get a hello back?

Notice the color and texture of your grounding cord. It may look like a line of energy, or look like something physical; a rope, a wire, a pipe, a tree trunk. Adjust it as needed to be in affinity with your body.

Getting this far means you've already released some energy from your aura and body. Now it is time to fill in the space that was created.

Create a gold sun over your head. Have it call back all of your energy from wherever you left it throughout your day and week. Work. School. Online meetings. Video games. Your fantasies about your future. Your regrets about your past. Wherever you've placed your attention. Just watch the energy come back and see if you notice where it came from.

Have the sun burn up and neutralize your energy. Then bring the sun into the top of your head. It will automatically flow into the spaces you created. Create a gauge to measure when you're full. Like a fuel gauge or oil gauge. You'll run better if you aren't a few quarts low on spiritual oil. If the gauge doesn't read "Full", bring in another gold sun.

Open your eyes, bend over and touch the floor, draining any tension from the back of your neck, then stand up, and stretch.

There is a progression with this technique. After grounding for ten minutes a day for a week or two, notice your grounding cord at the very end, while you're standing with your eyes open. Continue to ground with your eyes open and standing, and bring in another gold sun. Each day, increase the amount of time that you ground standing up with your eyes open.

After a week or two practicing this, add walking while grounded. Just notice your grounding cord as you walk. Say hello to the center of the planet while you walk. Bring in a gold sun while you walk.  If you lose your grounding cord, stop walking and recover it. If you have to, sit back down and close your eyes and create a new grounding cord.

After this, you're ready to take your grounding cord with you into your daily life. Shopping. Getting coffee. Wherever you go, you can ground. This, combined with a little amusement about seeing new things on an energy level, will keep you safe and sound.

Now that you're here, at the end of your grounding meditations, create a gold sun over your head. This time, fill it with your highest creative essence, your present time growth vibration, and your affinity for yourself. The first energy is a healing for you. The second is a healing for your body. The third is a healing for your affinity in your fourth chakra.

Bend over and touch the floor. Stand up and stretch. If you're ready for more, sit back down and ground some more. Otherwise, have a nice day!

Note that every image you imagine, the gold sun, the grounding cord, the center of the planet, your first chakra, your body parts, is exercising your clairvoyance. You may be imagining what your tailbone looks like, but you're also creating the image of your tailbone and reading its energy. This is practicing your clairvoyant ability. It could be a multitude of different things but in my opinion from the description of the feeling you had it seems your consciousness had traveled somewhere. The dangerous feeling you had may have been just that but it also could’ve been your ego trying to keep you stabilized in this plane and bring you back. That’s just my two cents the first part when you said you visualize the outside and the living room you could be seeing the present what’s happening right know you might have the ability to someone’s else’s past life Only time will tell if your psychic is accurate.

My advice is to live your life without giving too much weight to predictions like this. The time of marriage and number of children is up to the querent and can be changed bc the universe gives us free will. Hmm, I don't know. I honestly wouldn't put much stock in it. Maybe it will happen, maybe it won't, just don't hold any expectations of it happening so you don't end up disappointed when it doesn't. Very interesting. I definitely think our energy affects our abilities and strength. I can't do anything fancy with fire but I can control the candle flames..making them still, flicker or bend to the direction of my hand. I can make my matches burn out almost immediately after I use them.. they usually burn a third of the stick then go out suddenly or very slowly diminish. When I'm tired I can't do it I'm too weak.  I definitely think your anger could of fueled something. Never seen it done but I've witnessed people who's toxic energy created poltergeist activity and I guess that's kind of the same concept with energy manipulation. Yes it does. Manipulating elements fall under the realm of more advanced psychic ability. Very interesting experience you shared. Maybe you have a latent ability for pyrokinesis and through proper work you could probably learn to channel it. There was a chi master who could  create fire at will...there was a YouTube video also. If you're still finding the real you I guess you have a long way to go first is knowing what you're and can do and it left for us to want to leave a different life all together call it disguise or whatever I got mine so haha 😆 I have never witnessed this myself, but I don’t disbelieve it. Each of the element has _siddhi_, which includes manipulation of Fire. Further, there is a developmental path for it — I have heard some neigong schools develop enough personal energy to pull something like this off, without relying on emotional outbursts. I could do telekinesis, its definitely possible to manipulate anything. You just have to meditate and practice it. You felt remorse and in other ways I can empathize with how you felt, so kudos. I’ve always wanted to trigger/try combustion/pyrokenisis, but it hasn’t happened to me…yet…probably for the best. Have tried connecting with fire, but haven’t been as successful as you. I may have accidentally burned my apartment down. I was in a really bad mental space for a while. I was living in a studio apt, dealing with the emotional fallout of a bad breakup, and my friends had moved away so I was spending way too much time alone. Anyway, I went home to my parents house for my birthday weekend. After getting on the train, I suddenly started worrying I had left my space heater on, which would be a fire hazard. When I got home, I told my parents how miserable I felt in my apartment. I remember a moment being in my room and thinking I’d just find a way out of the lease and move back to my parents. I ended up getting a text from the landlord later that day that there was a fire that started in the buildings heater (not my space heater) and my apartment was ruined, lease ended. 

Not as dramatic as something bursting into flame in front of your eyes but still curious. Well what you think is a barrier your abilities might just turn out to be the reason why you get almost best at it, you're experiencing this cause you're yet to fully comprehend what you capable of. With proper guidance and spiritual actions, I'm confident you're getting past this Have you been seeing lights or being very sensitive lately it's a sign to open your third eyes if you're more of a spiritual being than you thought you were I take medication for my OCD, it helps, but there are breakthrough moments sometimes unfortunately. Usually I can tell it's my OCD when the thought is really negative. So how does that knowledge help you in this life? 

Does it inspire you? is it highlighting some fear you have about embracing your own skills? something else? 

Past lives highlight where we are working on "karma" from that life or parallel to it (in that life we were working on the same issues) ... find that and you'll have your clarity. Come to peace with your past and let light and love follow you Reincarnation is a definite possibility, but it's advisable to learn why you're a Reincarnation nothing happens without reason. Nature's first law Hey! Long time practitioner here with an ecclectic background mostly in Alchemy. 

These traditions of other people gifting things are specific to different types of practice and cultures. There is nothing wrong with buying yourself any of the spiritual items you need or want in order to grow, and the way you acquire your items can be specific to your beliefs. 

Furthermore, what you think and believe will become the truth. If you feel like it's bringing you negativity, then it will. If you truly believe it is protective, then it is. Your belief and your intention with the item is far more powerful than any natural power that item has in and of itself. 

IF you are so bothered by this situation, you can amend it pretty easily by gifting these items to someone else and partnering up with a mentor or other practitioner who can gift you what you seek. No matter what, your beliefs about these things are what will become reality. 

Spirituality is what you make it, and your practice is uniquely your own. You can make your own rules in accordance with your reality. 

These are just my opinions, and others may have better insight that's more aligned with your practice. I hope this helped you a little, and you find the answers you're looking for! I can’t speak to the evil eye items (I’ve never heard you shouldn’t buy your own btw) but certainly I think the idea of not being able to buy your own tarot cards is outdated superstition at best, and gate keeping at worst. 

You want to learn tarot to educate and empower yourself… but you have to wait for someone else to buy you a deck? Nah, you want it, you buy it! Empower yourself! There are so many styles and types of decks, only you know what calls and suits you so why put that power in someone else’s hands if the aim to empower yourself? You want it, you go get it! 

I’ve bought myself both tarot decks and evil eye bracelets, no issues whatsoever. Try and take away all the bad energies and replace the with only good ones let love and light lead you I can help you so you get stuffs that can help you chase away this evil eyes you don't need much dm It's not bad luck , we Arabs and Turks believe that they're Haram(prohibited in Islam)  bc they're considered amulets in our religion but if you're not Muslim you can wear them , we believe turquoise stone and Nazar amulets  ward off the evil eye due to their blue colour :) I have this happen.  I can generally judge when someone is going to die that I don't know, and I've had..idk, sort of premonitions.   I think alot of times, when it is someone you know, it's kind of a way to say goodbye.  My nephew had very clear dreams of his mother b4 she was found.  Last great aunt that died ( I thought she was gone..98!)...I had a dream of a family reunion, where I was asking my dead granny...what are you doing here?  You are dead!  She told me family is coming, she's making potato salad.  Lol...what do you say to that!?
Anyway, I just leave those thoughts to myself.  Most the time, ppl are better not knowing. IMHO. I've known my friends and family are terminal, and if there's treatment possibility. It's more common than people talk about. Think of this... They use animals to detect illness, right? Aren't we all evolved animals? We often let self doubt and life bury our gifts Yes! That’s the basis of mediumship Absolutely! And they have somehow bonded to you for reasons only they know… could be a long passed relative that youd never met, could be you remind them of someone from their lifetime… I feel like sometimes spirits gravitate towards certain living people not because of their gifts but because it gives them purpose. An example would be a motherly-type spirit that seems to calm or console your infant when they cry…. Or a protective type spirit that makes a noise when you aren’t paying attention to something that could harm you. Very possible and very common :) 
You are not crazy!
I’ve had many visits of the sort from all types of passed on people. How do they look like? It's real even some of us know this hard fact as real humans but we try to run away from the truth especially if it's not happening to you then it's not an issue Of course they can, I asked if I was on the right track and I’ve heard two knocks(to keep it vague). Don’t forget, communication doesn’t just have to be words its very interesting, I think fever puts us into meditative state of mind. I also start seeing behind the vail when im feverish. when I was 4, I had a massive fever, had a crazy sleeping night. when i woke up i ran to my grandma (I dont remember this) I jumped at her and hysterically started telling her i remember i am not from this family, i remember my real family in Chaldea, told her my name words, sentences, our culture and living situation, historical facts etc, she was clueless what Chaldea was and phoned my grandpa who was at work. he told her to write down every single thing im saying, because chaldea was an ancient civilization and the facts im spewing are on point. 

its fun to hear someone talk about fevers, I always felt they were very "psychedelic". I’ve seen the dead and spirits my whole life, but it really got cranked up when I had a 104 fever at the age of 5. From that point on, it seemed to accelerate abilities I already had. I’ve hear medium John Edward say he always has heightened abilities when he’s under the weather and I still do too, especially when it’s something that puts pressure on my head like a sinus infection or fever with headache. I remember hearing him say that and feeling better about it. I too am able to read peoples minds by feeling their emotions strongly within me. With some people their thoughts enter into my own head as if they are mine. It can be confusing, overwhelming and at times draining. I’ve learned to steer clear of certain people. Interesting. I actually had this last night I think— not for the first time, and it was very mild. But I think I ate something that made me a little sick, and I was running what felt like a low fever and as I was in bed I felt WAY more tuned in than usual… so funny to see this post the next morning! Hallucinations of any kind are an indication that the veil is lifted. If you can understand what you see/hear and it's not just internally driven nonsense like a fever dream or random drug trip, then you're experiencing true ESP. Hi, I’ve experienced similar when I’ve been VERY angry at people and have been able to tap into their minds. On two occasions I “puppeteered” a (minor) accident to happen to certain individuals and it really happened according to my hands’ movements if that makes sense. I feel bad about these things after, so I choose to not keep trying to develop this gift. I am suppressing it and not feeding into my negative emotions and energies. Watch giving in to negative energy. You may think they deserve whatever comes but let's not forget the transgressions you have done to others. Giving into negativity is akin to playing with fire while intoxicated. It will come to engulf you before you know it. Control your thoughts/emotions, by sending out negative energy, or evil/hate filled thoughts you can indeed harm people. 

If you feel like your going to have something bad happen to someone when you consciously dont want to, remove your self and mind from the situation, think of forgiveness, mercy, love.

I "suffer" from the same ability, but mine is controlled, i have to make a conscious effort to get it done or not, depending on how badly the person fucked me over. It sounds like your displeasure may be manifesting. Emotions= energy in motion, as a teal swan video said.

I would look at finding a way to rephrase your feelings so you could still work with them without such overt chaos. When it comes down to it, though, you're going to have to stop being petty, even in the recesses of your own mind. Suppress the petty or dangerous feeling if you can, or let it go completely without holding onto it outside of you at all. It's a frustrating idea, I know, but you are not alone in this among those who pay attention even when reality scares them or does not make full sense. 

Of course, you shouldn't hope to do this for all emotions, even bad and painful ones at all times--for our emotions are our biggest internal compasses--but if something disproportional or dangerous for the moment comes up in impulse, you're going to have to get rid of it as it is in that form. Another way to work through such feelings is to acknowledge that you have the magic to transmute those emotions into productive emotions and manifestations. 

You are a soul having a human experience, and an expression of the divine expressing and coming to know itself through the aspect of it that is you. That is not to say that any is necessarily less important than the rest, but you can reach upwards or downwards for clarity at times like this. Much of what you are truly asking can only truly be concluded and brought closure by you, and by somebody in your shoes who knows you as you do. All evil is ultimately just an indestructible light seeping out through twisted and corruptive confusions--a potential for a new tool or truth's attainment--wether or not any may be able to unknot the messiness at this time. All of us must delve in to some degree, but lose yourself in it and you will functionally become evil through that corruptive confusion and its pain. All power is weakness well-harmonized. I hope that brings you some solace. No action is inherently good or bad, but is in perspective of the details of its context.

Honestly seek the truth of yourself and the truth around you, and remedy those feelings for what they should be; for what you should best have them be, at any time. Do not turn your eyes away when it is your responsibility to do all you can. And as per a quote from Ascendance of a Bookworm from a terrifyingly cutthroat but extremely wise noble that says this well; 

>*Had you failed to do something that was within your capabilities, then that would absolutely be worth reflecting on. But there’s no use bemoaning something that you knew you couldn’t do from the very beginning, since no amount of thinking will change that fact.*

To my understanding, you have just strengthened a direct connection source enough for this to happen. I'm sure it must be scary for it to come with no instructions and insufficient gateways to make sure you had the right foundations to responsibly control all of this... but I believe, at least, our wishes and strong emotions about that will one day power enough of a force to bend the current soft-laws of existence enough to save future generations that struggle.

Till then, may the weird ones find sanity and light in one another. 


*This is my best understanding, of course. Another thing I have heard of is that we all slightly live in our own slightly different universes, which collide and can even contradict, hence anything could be invalidated for you and still be true for me. Of course, there's also the much simpler doubt that I could be wrong or just fail to see this mutual situation accurately. ...I think I'm gonna need you to run for congress... If you wish to control this, but aren't up to putting in the work to become a better person who doesn't seek to harm others out of lower emotions like anger, jealousy or insecurity, then you should contain yourself. Literally. Just as we can call 8n a protective shield around ourselves, we can shield others from our weaker, lower tendencies. I accidentally manifested a negative outcome - some teens sat near to my wife and I when they had the whole park to sit at. I sent a strong 'Go Away' - and two minutes later one of the kids yelled with huge malice at another one and much upset.

I felt really bad - all I meant was for them to move a little way away.

Was not aware that this was possible (I am new).

I am being really careful not to get mad at anyone and have decided that unconditional love is my default projection. Ouuu interesting I once knew a girl (long story short) her stepdad was abusive and one day he locked her in her room and she was crying and she heard someone say “he’s gonna pay for this” she looks up and sees some guy (a ghost) and he says “he’s gonna pay for hurting you” next thing Yk he gets in a car crash and almost dies and loses his house and his gf (her mom) left.

For your situation I’d say your mood affects the things around you AMAZING look into “the double slit experiment” it’s something that deals with quantum physics/ meta physics but good luck with your findings lol My ex husband fell off his roof! People are products of their environments. If there is something bad, there is a reason. Don't hate, help. Give it to me, I would gladly have it. It's not that hard to do it. Maybe find some sort of outlet to get all of the negativity out so that when you do get angry, it won't have much "power" to it and won't hurt the person or situation surrounding it. Sounds like maybe your a PK agent of some kind? Which you project negative energy, even if it's subconscious. That will build and can create a poltergeist (made up of a person's negative energy) and after feeding it so much then it can break away from you and become it's own entity and that could become dangerous because once it separates from you completely then you can't control what it does any longer. If it hasn't gone that far then having healthy outlets will make it die down and become powerless since you'll be able to control it..

Different practices like yoga, Tai chi, different therapies like psychotherapy can help weaken it if you wish to give it a try.. [deleted] No one has the ability to control other people in that way. Your into this subject matter, we see what we want to see. 

The people you feel you influenced in your life, are fuck ups. I’m that case my dear, let me tell you about this fellow named Mr. Putin and some of the terrible things he’s doing In Ukraine. I think you should ask yourself how much do you believe the world and the people in it (as well as what happens to them as they are continuously experiencing the effects of their own actions and the effects of infinite number of other influential factors in life every moment of every day) revolve around you.

You are not considering the millions of other measurable and unnoticeable factors that dictate how well someone is doing in life (or not doing in life).

And it would be foolish to believe that all of these things are controlled by you simply being mad at someone.

This is narcissism. It's a third eye projection, I've had them too. When your upper psychic centers are more advanced than your lower ones, you can project out of the brow or crown center when having an out of body experience My soul sat up and stood up out of my body once, but it didn't look like that. It was very organized and seemed to have a well defined form. I did experience it first, as coming out of my face, but that's just because that's where eyes are located. It was body shaped, made of white light grid layers and once it was out of my face and sat up, I realized it came out of my entire body in the same manner which I saw it exit my face. 


I am forever looking for others who have seen their soul and was super glad to see your post! I had a spontaneous Astral projection while I was awake once.  One second I was lying down but allert and awake.  The next I was standing over my body directly over my head. I didn't go anywhere, just stood there looking at myself through my hands thinking, this is cool.

My friends mother came and stood in the door and started talking to me.  I could see her lips moving but not hear her.

I thought she is going to think I am rude if I don't respond, and the next minute I was sucked back in through my forhead between the eyes ( so face) 🙃 

So to answer your question, yes I have. I wonder if that is where everyone leaves and enters? Yes, it happens from time to time. 

Astral projection sounds like what you are doing. Keep going, you’ll discover many new things. I believe claircognizance Or they end up showing up No to be rude, but does it matter? Giving too much significance to words will actually weaken that power. Just feel what it is and build on it. Much love It's not a effing gift. It is a natural occurrence and happens often to alot of people. You are just weighing it heavier than others. Intent I think.  If your emotional, it might be your spirit/soul trying to fix the situation.  If your not thinking about something and something pops in your head, it’s probably intuition. That’s why a lot of people can’t read for themselves, you have an emotional attachment to the outcome. Especially with reading cards because there are so many different meanings a particular card can hold based on positioning & adjoining cards, it’s easy to see the meaning we’d like to see rather than stay detached and see other meanings. Especially when it’s something you really want. 

Sometimes it gets easier with age and experience to differentiate the difference between instinct & want, sometimes it doesn’t get easier so it’s up to you to take control. The future is malleable anyway, any prediction is a probable not a certainty anyway, so take charge of the situation. Do whatever you can do in the here & now to achieve that future you want. Let’s say this thing you want is to go to live in a particular town, you have a gut instinct you will but you want it so badly, you aren’t sure whether it’s really gut instinct you feel or just an overwhelming want. So forget the psychic for a moment and get into the physical instead. Do you have a place to live lined up? Start signing up to letting agents & view their properties. Do you have a job there or a college place there? Start applying for jobs/college places there. Are your finances in check? Have you considered how to physically move? Have you got removal quotes? Are you preparing mentally to move? What about the social life? Look up any local social media sites dedicated to the place. Check out the sites for the local takeaways, library, public transport! Anything that you can practically do to make this want a reality, do it & pay attention to your intuition whilst you do. Do you feel in line, is this flowing effortlessly to reach that goal? Or are you hitting stumbling blocks or even brick walls? Google "derivation of intuition". It doesn't mean what it's commonly used to mean.

Intuition does not mean desire. Wishful thinking does not mean desire. When you want something, you go after it. That is your will being imposed on your reality. And you will fail to get many things you desire. It takes practice to discipline and refine your will. 

And it's not a matter of strength alone. Or magic. Or intent. All the details matter, the most important detail being you must be yourself. If you are being false, meaning not true to yourself, how will the things you want ever find you? All the time, so much so when I tell my family they immediately take it serious and look for the dream playing out. Dreams others were pregnant, us moving, people going through things, world events, even celebrities in odd ways before finding out they were very ill and anything weird and random in between. Not an exact science, just randomly. Woke up from really weird and detailed dream and it played out that very day. Just weird lol In middle school once I dreamt that my boyfriend was going to break up with me and he did the very next day. Other than that I’ve dreamt very mundane things that eventually ended up happening, just snippets of unimportant conversations kind of thing.  I remember seeing my sis getting married in one of my dream. I was looking outside of my house to see a beach setting and my sis and bro in law getting married but for some reason I was unable to go outside and join in. 2 years later they married in Cozumel Mexico beach theme and sadly I was unable to make it from all my siblings. I also remember seeing my mom in a dream standing in the shower bleeding from her leg same thing years later she was at work when a blood clot busted she went into the ER. Used to write my dreams down habitually got a few dream journals. Need to go back to that fs. In all my dreams I’m in the afterlife, but on purpose. I was with my ex girlfriend and her female family members in a lucid dream. But a month later, after not hearing from her in 10 years, she messaged me the day I failed a suicide attempt! So I think I’m often with her as I sleep and in the afterlife! Once I dreamt of finding two quarters on the ground and the next day I did. Yes, I’ve had several of these dreams. Sometimes about big events, sometimes about small ones. Sometimes about people I’m not close to. I dreamed about when one of my uncles would die when I was a kid. Also about a life event for one of my aunts. Dreamed about a grade I got (got the exact one). Dreamed about some girl and a guy breaking up in a class I had.. wasn’t close to them at all. Had no clue about their private life. All the time, but it's usually really mundane, annoying 'glitch in the matrix' deja vu kind of stuff.

Just once I wish it was lottery numbers. All the time. I predicted my siblings & their names, wars, the fall of the Berlin Wall, Covid, my disillusionment with Christianity and the absolute insanity of Covid. 20 yrs ago I woke from a horrendous nightmare that was causing a panic attack right then. This happens multiple times every single year but I could never get past the horror of the millions of people dying to understand what it was or meant. I just knew it was a worldwide issue and health related. I was petrified for the future which sent me to a dark place. I couldn’t talk to anyone about it more than tangentially bc it made no sense in certain respects. All those horrible premonitions came true. No judgment on any religion here. When I was around 13 I dreamed once that I got up from bed and walked downstairs where a white paperback copy of the Book of Mormon was sitting on the counter. In the dream I asked my dad where it came from and he said some LDS guys had just dropped it off. I woke up that morning and went downstairs and there was a black paperback copy of the Book of Mormon. I asked my dad where it came from and he said some LDS guys just dropped it off. As far as I know there’s not really been any meaning to it other than to give me an interesting experience. My brother had been flirting with a girl for 2 years, stuck in a friendzone. One night I dreamed the two of them kissing, that day they kissed and started dating! I dreamed of a place I ended up working at YEARS later, it was just a moment of me putting beer bottles into a shelf. Then I had déjà vu of that same moment in real life at that job, a few minutes later two men came in and we had an armed robbery 🤷‍♀️ it was like a little warning Yeah. Shooting at a college in my state, friends’ pets dying, my dog dying, future work stress five years before I worked there, infertility/babies dying years in advance, a scene from current office window years before I worked there, old job shifting to a bad organizational culture, getting cheated on, getting dumped, my dad having a heart attack one year ahead but same date, this random flower on a table, which I saw the next day at a restaurant and then the interaction resulting in losing my best friend that same night (was 11 years ago or so (still miss them)), and a bunch of signs that led me to adopting my dog (a certain road I’d never seen before, rainbow, bear statue). My grandparents have shown up and warned me of things ahead and given advice. I think in one my grandma was warning me about Covid, but it was a confusing one. I wish I’d dream of something good happening. I dreamed of a positive pregnancy test right in my face.. the next day I went to get one and I was pregnant My craziest story is back in 2009 I was living outside of DC. On the morning of June 22 I woke up at about 5am from a dream about a train crash. Later that day at 5 pm a DC metro train crashed. 

That is definitely my most profound and prophetic dream on an event. I have definitely had more mundane dreams of kind of basic interactions come true.  

I’ve had some covid related dreams in 2020-2021 that have turned out true. I dreamt the Russians starting a war but I thought at the time they’d be attacking the US I dreamt of a drone flying at the start of the war in Afghanistan. Later I saw that same drone in news footage about the war. I had never seen it before that dream. trigger warning: pregnancy loss 

i had a dream id had a miscarriage. it was really vivid and i woke up looking for blood, but baby was still alive at that time. exactly 30 days later i found out i’d had a missed miscarriage 2 weeks earlier. I also have a lot of experiences  first time I noticed it was when i was 14 years old I had a dream where  me and my brother going to a house painted white.  A family friend of ours were there and they had 2 computers and they gave us one computer. A long time after this dream my parents build a new house and it was painted white , when we moved their , this family friend was our neighbor and they gifted us a computer. I was very shocked to realise that I actually visioned the same thing a long before it happened, after that I had many more dreams where I saw the future  sometimes I am now able to identify which of the dream is going to happen in real and which are not. I had a dream I was in an unfamiliar city at night, walking around trying to find my way. 3 weeks later the exact scenario played out. Exact streets, intersections, even the people i saw. It was 3 am or so and I was alone. I ended up finding myself in Alimony California. My dead father was the one who's ran me through the dream before it happened I’ve had 3 big ones and some not as important. 
1. I dreamt my grandfather passed away and found out the next day he died at 4am, so while I was having that dream probably. 
2. My bf is in the military and I once dreamt he was screaming “Rayco! Watch out, Rayco…” stuff like that, and when we got in contact he told me how he and his partner Rayco (whose name I had never heard before that I remembered) got shot over their heads, they could hear the bullets hitting the rocks around them, but they were fine, no one got shot. 
3. When I was a teenager I dreamt I was getting married but the man I was marrying I had only seen once or twice in my life, it wasn’t my current bf (who I expected to be marrying in my dream) but he turned out to be my long term boyfriend, we moved out together and how things are going it looks like it might come true. I worked in a phone store and sold a sim card to a guy who killed someone. It took the cops 6 months or so to figure out it was him. 

During that time they interviewed me and asked if i could remember anything about the guy who bought it. The number on the sim was the last number to text her before she was found. 

I wasnt able to remember anything but i gave a statement and that was that. A couple weeks later i was thinking about the case and I was in a half awake/half asleep dream state. I asked kinda subconciously will they catch the guy who killed her. I remember seeing an image of a guy standing in court with a blue jumpsuit on. I remembered it vividly because it was a weird outfit for someone in that situation. 

A few weeks later I see in the paper that they have solved the case and the dude is standing there in his blue jumpsuit. Yeah. I have a quite sad/bad dating history and it was depressing for me at one point that I couldn’t find anyone that would be good for me. It got to a point where I was extremely angry for months at the universe because of this. 
Then one day I had a dream, that I would meet a tall, handsome, dark haired man, with great gentleman manners that I will be in a relationship with. I looked surprised he was so kind to me and I was very happy. A month later I started dating exactly that guy, and I still am. I’m so happy. Constantly All the time. Whatever it is always happens the very next day. Last night I dreamt of making candles. Today was the hottest day of the year and  I had to fix one of my candles because it melted I dreamed of two places I later worked at. These were only a few seconds I remembered and it was akin to deja vu, but I know I dreamed it. And I have seen houses and buildings from dreams here. The dreams tend to be unpleasant and I get a gross feeling when I see somewhere from dreams.  Edit for a word I’ve had many small dreams of things that happened later on. Most of the time it’s me being somewhere at a specific place and something happening. Or it would be parts of a conversation. One time I dreamed of a kickball game I took part in. There were a few familiar faces on my team and some on the other. It also turned out we lost. A week or so later, we play kickball, with some people I know, and lose. This has happened to me more times than I can count. I dreamt that I was telling people I will get vaccine on 12/1! And everyone corrected me “no no no. Your vaccine date is 1/12!” Even the airline tweeted at me telling me my date is 1/12.  Few months later in real life, I got Covid on 1/12 in another country. I dreamt that I was at the wedding of my Swedish friend. I hadn’t seen her in 5 years and hadn’t spoken to her since about 4 irl. In the dream, she was getting married but we couldn’t find the groom. The wedding never happened. 

When I woke up, I decided to text her and visit since it had been so long. I told her my dream and she informed me she broke up with her bf that day I had the dream I had a dream about a tree branch falling and crushing my car, the following day I pulled into my driveway and thought about the dream and pulled into a different spot (more for shits and giggles than anything else) , when I came back out to my car a 9 foot branch was laying in my usual parking spot. My car was completely fine but I came out and just kinda stood there like 😧 I was had a dream my step mom & little sister came to visit (from California) and when i woke up they were actually there😂 I had a dream that my brother shot people from out of his car. I brushed it off. I knew he was hanging with not great ppl but I didn’t think anything of it. 2 weeks later I got a call that my brother shot 2 people (he says it’s self defense which I believe) I have dreamt situations in first person, and thinking by myself, as time pases, i get in a situation where im thinking and doing the same as my dream

Dreams can be months apart or in situations where im not used to be, but somehow i get in the situation and become reallity

I was cooking today (ham&egg) i dont usually cook that, like, it is the first time in about 2 months. In my dream, i was thinking to myself about how much I'm struggling with my job and studies, and that i cannot put 100% focus in none of them, this while cooking ham and eggs. 

There was a point in the reallity where I started to talk internally and complain about time and how i could not focus 100% in none of them, this started with an internal rant cuased by a teacher who made me redo my project.

I have had another situation where i was with a Friend's sister and someone asked about vgetarian food, we were with a Group and in some sort of circle.

 I dont used to go out with her, this was actually the first and only time i did, so, we went out with her friends and then, boom at the end of the night we seated in the back of a pickup truck, gathered in a circle, and a friend of hers start talking about vegetarian food All of my dreams become reality. I will list a few of them

•Moving into my own place (a week after a fight with my narc mom - I moved out and have been on my own ever since) it’s been almost 10years 

•Graduating with Honours 

•Having my place decorated the exact way that I envisioned it 

•Getting my full driver’s licence 

•Traveling solo 

•Meeting people that match my vibration 

•Self publishing my own material 

•Financial stability 

I’ll leave it there. Hope this was helpful. Yeppp…. Dreamt about the university/college I would go to at 21. Was dreaming about it constantly since I was 14. Dreamt about friends and professors I would make at Judson and meet. Dreamt about one of my exes asking me out and dreamt about my boyfriend now. Dreamt about random things about celebrities too like music and babies and weird random things. Dreamt about boring mundane things that come true later on. Dreamt about my uncle passing away. Had my grandma visit me a few times in dreams and give me messages as well. Been happening since I was kid and it for some reason gotten stronger as I got older instead of disappearing like most people experiences. But the thing is I don’t do anything to do practice it to make it stronger just happens. Also I dream about random information about people I shouldn’t know. It’s very weird because I’m only person in my family who has psychic abilities. I’m kind of an odd ball and don’t fit in at all. Last night I dreamt i was with my mom and my ex who cheated on me last lockdown she turned against me fully for him. I moved out she moved him in but dreamt she had a black eye from him last night and it was one of those powerful dreams you wake up with all the emotions running wild stay with you for weeks after. I hope not but also think poetic justice if true. I dreamed she was cheating on me too. 

First dream I was searching for her in my dream I found her but then we parted ways immediately she went off with small group. I went the other way with my small group. To then more dreams like it and guy involved. Weeks later learned there was a new guy and she was totally lost to me. 

If she even needed me though ide help her ide beat him bad show him how much he's ruined me. I'm just waiting to get to family court to get my kids access he controls everything as far as I can tell. She wanted to co parent be freinds just so sorry this happened but is happening. She chooses him after 14yrs. Pulled me inside out. Its been a year now she's already had his baby its just all insane. 


But my mum did this to my step dad too. One night a week before I found out trying to talk to her feeling distant I fold her all about my mums story even though my ex knew that story I reminded her no idea why how she went off and married a psycho who beat her so much she ran 100s of miles to escape him after 17yrs with my step dad and shed beat him he'd take it. Same as me if my ex couldn't win an argument and sure we had many but ide laugh her off once she starts gorilla pounding on me.


But you cant go talking about dreams can you lol. I just hope she knows if she did need me shed only have to ask. She might be a monster to me now but still my girls mom. I dreamt about the Bali bombings a few days before it happened..I was 16? I was in the immediate aftermath of the bombing outside and people were running and freaking out in chaos and there was huge fire lighting up the sky and palm trees. I knew it was something terrible. 

I was so disturbed by the dream I told my mum and sister about it and said I was worried something bad was going to happen. They assured me it was just a dream and maybe tied to anxiety from 9/11

My sister came into my bedroom a few days later and asked me did I remember the dream I had had and I said yes of course why? And she told me a nightclub in Kuta, Bali had been bombed as part of a targeted terrorist attack. I dreamt of COVID 

MH370

Hilary Clinton getting shafted

A few mass shootings, felt like I'd astral travelled to take the place of the victims so their souls were saved so-to-speak, felt the horror, heard the footsteps, the sensation of knowing you're in your final moments. Most make peace with it, or maybe that was me. All the time.  The dreams seem to have a slight ringing to them and a glow which always makes them stand out more.  Anyways, when I was a kid my mom had a new-ish boyfriend and I dreamt that his name wasn’t actually what everyone had been calling him by.  I tried to tell her the next day that “Steven” was using a false name and hiding something.  She didn’t believe me and we ended up in a pretty severe argument whereby she laughed at me because she thought it was a silly dream and I needed to grow up. Fast forward about 6 months and “Steven” was arrested by the US Marshall’s at his place of work.  He’d been on the run from another state for weapons charges and using his brothers identity.  I’ve had predictive dreams my whole life and after that incident my mother always paid close attention to them. Lol. When I finished my official high school exams, I was anxious about the mark and place I would get. I kept having anxious dreams about it all the time. One week before the exam results were out, I dreamt about them, and I saw the name of the student who got the highest mark in the entire district; I saw his full name clearly and the mark he got. In the dream I was sad it wasn't me because I got an average mark compared to his. I was still journaling my dreams back then, so I wrote down the dream I had including his name and his mark when I woke up. One week later, results come out, I pass, average grade, all is good. But another week goes by and it hits me that I still don't know who got the highest mark. I look it up, and sure enough, his name was there along with the mark. I was confused for a second because I was sure I have heard that name before, only how and where? and it instantly hits me, I open the journal and it's the exact same name.. was a strange experience. I've seen my children before they were born.

found things that were misplaced

Witnessed a man getting a DUI even when he wasn't driving.

lots of other unverifiable incidents i had a dream when i was around 6 years old that there was a “bad lady” who was trying to hurt people and i drew a picture of what she looked like and what she was wearing, showed it to my mom and she thought it was strange but we both just forgot about it until like eight months later. i grew up going to church, now i’m a satanist lol, and my mom witnessed the exact woman from my dream wearing the exact outfit i drew on her “attempting to put a curse” on the pastor during the sermon. (i put it in quotation marks because i wasn’t there and that might’ve been an exaggeration) regardless my mom was absolutely shocked that i had dreamt of the same woman months ago. Last week I dreamt my partner was fired from his job-which he started a month and a half ago- he called me the same day to let me know he was fired.

Dreamt he found another better job, 2 days later he finds a job 4 minutes walking from home in front of the beach cooking paella- what he actually loves- and is making a better wage, first day was yesterday
——-

Asides from that I always dream when a relative is dying. Thanks to this my mom could rush to my grandpa’s side before he died If this ever happened life would be bizarre Kinda random, but once I lost my favorite hairbrush, looked everywhere I thought it could be and couldn’t find it. Bought a similar one but it just wasn’t the same. Months later I had a dream where I looked under my dresser and found my hairbrush, woke up, looked under my dresser, and there it was. When I was younger, I had a few premonitions via dreams. I had a dream that my great-grandfather (who I wasn't even close with) was sitting in a completely white room (think of what they show heaven to look like in TV and sitcoms), and when I woke up I found out that he had passed away.

Likewise I had a dream about my childhood cat dying, woke up to find he had also passed away that morning. I also had a dream before my grandfather (different one) died, that he was telling me what day he would pass on. That came to be true. My moms death. I walked into the hospital early in the morning, straight to her room, 5th floor, last bed on the corridor. She was lying surrounded by people wearing all black and were really tall. Then I woke up in tears. 
One year later. Everything happened exactly like my dream. Except for the the people wearing black. Maybe they were there but I couldn’t see them. The genders of both my son and daughter It sounds like your asking these psychics about the future. This indicates that you probably think the future is predetermined in some way or form. This is a misunderstanding.

All the psychics are seeing exactly what they see and interpreting it as best they know how. They aren't lying; they are telling you what they see.

Your expectation that the future is predictable instead of probable is what's causing your confusion.

Next time, ask them about a relationship that you have with someone in present time, like a parent or sibling. "Tell me about my relationship with X."  Often times, this is much more useful to you because the psychics are seeing the energy of your reality, not the energy of all possible futures and telling you about the strongest future energy at that moment. 

And it's also more fun! You don't have to wait to find out if the reading is useful or not. This is generally the result you get when you see many psychics for the same question. The future is always changing and energies can be difficult to interpret..and honestly many psychics misunderstand their capabilities. Did it occur to you that many of them aren't legit? What's so confusing? You don't just believe every stranger who tells you they are psychic. I have spoken to other people during travels, who spoke other languages than I do. At first, I tried to communicate in the small bits of their language which I do know. I quickly realized this was unnecessary as things just automatically translated for each of us. Surprised me. I knew someone who spoke three languages: Spanish as a mother language, and she learnt English during school and learnt Chinese while she lived in China for two years. I once asked her in what languages did she dream and she says it would be random at times but mostly it was, as of the time, in Chinese and I asked her If it was easy or if she had trouble understanding it while asleep as she was not 100%fluent, she could get by in China but not completely fluent, and she told me that her dreams had subtitles! Like it would be in Chinese and there'd be subtitles in English or Spanish! But her English or Spanish dreams never had subtitles in them. I've often heard languages I don't understand in the hypnogogic state. Because I took Spanish in high school I often have random dreams trying to speak it but none of it really makes sense. 😁 a couple of months ago i had a dream where i me and my friend were speaking in korean. when i was dreaming i didn’t realize it but when i woke up i was like -i didn’t know what we were talking about but i know we were speaking in korean- but the thing is korean is not my mother language I don’t remember which was first, I think a cat. But I remember being a cat, and then suddenly being a bird and flying. Next thing I remember I’m me, about a year or so old, and I’m falling off a riding toy splitting my chin open. I don’t remember specifics of the cat & bird- now it’s like a memory of a memory if that makes sense. I know when I was young (under 6) I probably could have given actual details. 

Funny thing is, I’ve yet to meet a cat that didn’t like me. My sister has a cat that’s the biggest asshole to everyone but an absolutely snuggle bug to me. He hisses and scratches anyone who tries to pick him up except me- he scratches lightly if I try to put him down. 
I’m terrified of heights, and falling, but I find flying very peaceful. I loved looking out the window and seeing all that openness below me. 
These are probably just coincidental but I think it’s interesting. You should read many lives many masters. Reincarnation is something I’ve always believed in and reading it through that lens and no skepticism was really cool. In regards to your question about genetics, my opinion and would say is that your soul chose everything about your path including “random” genetics. I believe there’s a lot less free will than we like to think. I’m kind of new to spiritually and stuff, but I think there’s a 95% chance reincarnation is true. I’ve heard so  many stories about kids knowing their past lives and all the details they said about a person they were in their past life ended up to be true it’s a very complex thing, as if unavoidable. i read it somewhere that in order to reincarnate, you must have no connections to the material world. how does one achieve such a thing? in this life, i’m on the search for answers :) I do believe in reincarnation. I know several people that have recollections or were able to see their past lives Some people have recollections. There's a show on Netflix about kids who remember and most of what they remembered was able to be verified. I watched a YouTube video last night about a woman who remembers being incarnated that was interesting. It's just the way this strange universe works. If you haven't found the answer inside, others who have can help.   We have all lived countless lives starting at the smallest bacterial level. We have maneuvered through the animal kingdom up to this point - consciously aware. Now it is time to graduate from the physical by burning any karmic tendencies we may hold. It could take many lifetimes or it could be done in an instant. Surrender. Let go of all attachment to this physical world. Understand that everything is in motion, constant change. Nothing ever stops, nothing ever stays. From family members to material items.  Habits and tendencies create karma. Karma is not a balance of right and wrong, good bad etc... Karma is attachment... And attachment is the cement that glues you to rebirth. If you want to break the cycle, be consciously aware in every moment. Surrender. Let go, be free. I asked my mentor why he was so able to be entirely care free and without stress, worry anxiety he said that he has lived life successfully thousands of times, this is one of my first times living an 'aware life' but that I was already impressive in my strength "It’s interesting that we have no recollections of our past lives."

What makes you think that's true? The U.S. threatened sanctions against China if they interfered with the Dalai Lama’s reincarnation..It was nestled in 2020 Covid Package Trump signed. No one knows for sure.
I am starting to believe that there are generational curses of abusive cycles within family units.
I also don't think that all members of a family in one life time will keep it going, like your grandparent becomes your grand child. I think it does go this way often but you can connect with karmic souls and soul mates in other ways. It's not always going to be blood relations.
You can be sent different karmics, it's only really the soul mates you need to connect with in each life time. As a soul contract goes. 
However when you regard the ancestral spirits, it does seem that what you give to others as a member of the family, you will get back in return, in one way or another.
The good and bad intentions will balance out as the energy has to find balance. I don’t believe in reincarnation but in Akashik files : a common memory of every that was lived.  And I prefer solidarity : we are all connected and make progress , received blessing for each other. when we choose selfishness, it is bad for all humanity (and creation) but it can be cured by love. A priest once told me that it can be the devil who’s putting those memories into the minds of children since it knows peoples pasts. I however still have my questions and doubts  🤷‍♀️ THERE GOES THE LAST GREAT AMERICAN DYNASTY! in a room of her own. I see it less as levels and more as a house with different floors and rooms on each floor; (e.g. main floor is psychic as a whole but basement is clairaudience. In the basement you have multiple rooms that showcase different aspects of clairaudience, some doors will just be open and you can just walk in and access. Some are closed but unlocked, you just need to be willing to open the door and step in to see what's ahead and most doors are locked, you have a key that opens most doors meaning you can train some of these abilities but they may not be something you just have automatic access to and some doors the key won't open the lock no matter what, these are skill you just aren't able to access.) Yeah there is so many different types of psychics. And even amongst different types you got different levels of this psychic ability. It's matching energy and permission. Being in close proximity to psychics creates more permission for your own abilities to open and flex a little bit. 

The part where you see the same thing the psychic is seeing is matching energy with their crown chakra and yours. 

That's the mechanism that the energy uses to create the experiences you describe. Culturally, there are a lot of different ways these same experiences get described, and often times the descriptions have nothing to do with the actual mechanism. 

But it's not scary, even when it scares you and you scream. It's just matching energy with permission to see energy and spirit. The most impressive tk demo I’ve seen (which is also completely unverifiable) was a pen being rolled across a table, and the woman who did it was totally exhausted after. Everything else I’ve seen or done my self is on an incredibly small scale like knocking a tiny piece of paper over. It’s basically an inconsistent parlor trick at best. A waste of time really. 

If you’re really set on it, the idea is to remove the false mental barrier of separation between you and the object. It should feel like an extension of you in the same way as your hand or foot does. Then you just move it. It takes deep concentration and a lot of energy. [removed] A LOT of meditating. You basically need to get to the levels where you're literally feeling energy and can form energy balls.

You can then use that energy harnessed and control it and move small objects. It takes quite a bit of work but is interesting nonetheless. Practice, it's not easy to do, it took me weeks to get a can rolling. I invite Archangel Michael, who has authority over all entities and demons.

Let's him handle it.

Peace! .The crystal jet is an awesome protective black crystal. I wear a bracelet of it on the left because that’s the receiving side. 
. Humming
. Chanting
. Sage
. Palo santo
. Fill your space with loving light
. Silver crosses
. don’t feed it any energy/ as if it didn’t exist
. Visualize healing imagery over area of discomfort/ tense area.
. Remember your power/ energy
You are the captain.
. Wearing all white
. Prayer
And yes praying to arch angel Michael
. Ask higher self to leave answers on what to do.
. Hide aura? Sometimes I visualize a invisibility cloak.
. Call back your energy
. Protective symbols, wearing them, sometimes I wave the sage into different symbols, visualizing the symbol all around. 

Good luck hope this helps 
You got the power!🐥✨🌞 The description sounds like a parasite.  Do you happen to be experiencing a specific emotion more so than you usually do? There are some people I don’t want to be next to because I feel my energy being zapped just by being near them. However, if I’m grounded and consciously protecting my energy, it’s not as bad. Could be a few different things going on there to be honest. 

First instinct was an energy vampire. They will drain your energy in the same way we think of vampires draining blood from their victims - hence the name. Shielding & blocking helps, avoiding them as much as possible helps more. 

But the anxiety bit? Sometimes that just happens with people we just aren’t on the same wavelength with, their energy clashes with ours to make us feel unsettled or anxious around them. Or feeling that anxiety, it could be your own intuition warning you to stay away from this person. On some level you know they/their intentions towards you, aren’t so good, and maybe even dangerous. That’s a gut instinct that should always be listened to IMHO. If someone makes you feel scared, unsettled, on edge or anxious, for whatever reason, listen to that feeling and keep your distance from them as much as you can. 

The ‘taking out’ of information could be any number of psychic abilities the person also has, or it could just be the mannerisms or characteristics they have that aren’t psychic in nature at all…. An old psychology trick is to keep quiet around people and let them do the talking (as most people want to fill the silence so talk). Not remotely psychic in nature but incredibly effective at getting information from people and quite manipulative too. It just sounds like empathy. My vibration drops a lil whenever I come into contact with people. Most people vibrate at very low levels so this phenomenon is pretty common for empaths.

Nobody can "steal" or "manipulate" your energy without your permission. We're all connected, so it may feel like they're doing something, but they're really not. You just gotta stay up on your energy practice. I see There's no such thing as "death" imo; only transition. My cousin, who is definitely more like my twin brother, feels this way on occasion. And while it’s not a “depressive state” (bc he has had those…. Frequents them as well as manic episodes sometimes. He’s conscious of those, even!) but imo, its because I believe he ultimately feels…. *Useless.* Void of a purpose and no true responsibility to anything that exists. No children…. A s/o or spouse would still soldier on once hes gone, and animals too would be taken care of if he was to suddenly die. 

He doesnt *want to die* but he says “I dont necessarily want to be here, either.” It may just be as complicated and as simple as this… you have to find what your “purpose” is. 

Depending on your personal beliefs, there are teachings/ religions that believe that you live and die multiple times, right? Reincarnation…. And every life is meant for the spirit or soul to “learn” something, and to ultimately “pass a test” of sorts. 

It could be that your lesson or purpose has not revealed itself in this life cycle…. And maybe, your existence this time around is meant to help *another spirit* with their journey. (I firmly believe there are some things we go through that can be especially difficult and we say “damn why me??!” And to that, my response is **“sometimes the lesson isnt meant for you.”**

Ending your life cycle prematurely may make that lesson to be learned impossible for the spirit it was meant for…. And could be detrimental to the growth of your own life cycle…

Lots of deep “ifs” I know, but it does indeed make me wonder some days. And I read your “not a cry for help” as genuine, but if you were to take your thoughts to a level beyond just the discussion, Id highly suggest finding an unbiased voice to help with those thoughts. 💕 yes, i would be okay to go right now :) Yes, though I do read a lot about NDEs and have had many spiritual experiences myself. I did have an NDE too but as I was being pulled towards the light, I quickly realized I was dead and immediately went back to my body. I knew it was not my time. Death is just the final point of your experience. Something that gives this experience sense, since with infinite time we would end up doing all the choices we want, so wouldn't be crucial to make decisions or aim for something instead of something else. After years I don't fear death anymore for two main reasons: I know is not the end and I am doing what I really want to do in this lifetime. We could die any moment for any reason, but if you do all the time what you really want and matters for you will be always ok to go: is impossible to accomplish everything we hope for, but I don't waste a second Honestly that's my regular view on it. I've lived a good life, I've helped a lot of people in their darkest times. When my time comes, I will greet death like a long lost friend. Yes I'm ok with dying just now.. I've given up on myself and people make me angry I don't want to die but I haven't been afraid of dying for at least 7 years now. For a while I was totally Blaise about my mortality. But now I have 3 pets that depend on me and when I think of dying on my way home from work I get sad that no one will be able to take care of them (not exactly true but the fact they depend on me makes me care a little bit more about making it home alive) lmao. Yeah writing all this out makes me sound a bit disturbed but *shrugs* I don’t fear death at all but I’d be bummed if I died because there’s so much I still want to experience. That being said, the feeling of not feeling connected or indifferent about living or dying can be caused by a lot of things, when that happens for me it’s due to not being adequately grounded. You need to ground your energy and tether to earth, you’re energy is likely in the clouds. The clouds is a pleasant place to be, but the ground is where you get the full human experience. I'm not only okay with dying, I've been looking forward to it since I was a child. Just because I believe I will get concrete *answers* upon death. Most of what I'm doing here, is blindly guessing and connecting dots.


Still, nobody's taking me out before my time. Absolutely. And trust me, this feeling is very distinct from feeling suicidal. The difference lies between having respect and appreciation for death as a force, vs craving death as a means of escape. I see death as something to not fear, but something to look forward to without rushing towards. I was really sick and near death at age 17. I told my mother I wasn't afraid of dying, just afraid of what I'd miss out on. I am very sad because I lost someone close to me- and I don’t. Feel like I can go on alone

My heart aches- I look forward to leaving this world- and hope I never have to come back because it’s difficult here

I hope the after life is better than this real life Definetly don't end your life. If you feel suicidal, please seek help and talk to someone. I don't fear death, but I don't want to end my life.  The two are very different. 

But to answer your question: yes. I was stabbed and it hit an artery and I thought I was going to die. But I felt weirdly calm and okay with it. I survived....or did i? Muhahaha! A cop saved my life. The EMS couldn't come to the scene until the police cleared it. The first cop on the scene said, "fuck that", threw me in his car, and coded to the ambulance. I will be forever grateful to him. 

FYI I was bouncing out of a club when this happened. A guy assaulted a woman, and I was dragging him out when he stabbed me. In the neck. 

But yeah, I can now totally relate to that feeling. Death doesn't scare me personally, but it makes me worried for those I would leave behind. And I have no feelings of wanting to take my own life. I'm going to enjoy it while I have it. You sound extremely depressed and like you're oppressing yourself. Is there nothing you want to do? Nothing you enjoy doing? 

It sounds like deep inside you definitely feel things, you've just told yourself they're not okay and denied them. If you want to die, there are definitely reasons. Why aren't you being honest with yourself? to be, or not to be…. You are here to experience life. If it is generally tolerable, just keep going. Death/transition will happen eventually anyway <3 Yes. I've almost died a few times and it wasn't bad at all. Even when there was a lot of suffering to get me there. Dying was the easy part. It is quite peaceful. One night I felt very sick and laid down on my bed. I remember feeling like I was going to die and this feeling of bliss washed over my body. I went to sleep thinking "if I die, that's okay". I thought maybe I was crazy until my husband said he felt the same exact thing around the same time.  Clarity of awareness it is what it is.  Now what?   Is that all the enlightenment you want?  Can you expand further and get better insights?  Yes you can and here is where it is at.       Happiness  does not serve survival.  Happiness comes and goes.  Practices last, purpose is there.  Purpose gives you drive. To spark that, one should practice compassion.  Therein lies a multitude of things to be done.   Conscious detachment should be discerned as something different from apathy and depression.       Aversion is as much a problem as attachment is.
I kept going.  I keep going.  Choosing purposes daily.  Compassion for all ,lol, even shaking my fist at some. I think it depends on your age. If you're having these thoughts at 70 well okay. If you're 20; something is amiss. 


As a suicide survivor, professional psychic reader, and someone who has dx'd OCD & severe generalized anxiety; I would say that it isn't the intentional function of the body to operate in the opposite of survival mode.



survival is written in our DNA and that's why people fight so hard to live. 


so when things are like 'I'm ready to die...' again as somebody who has, you know... dealt with "mental health issues" in the past, I would say that it's possible that you could be having some type of depressive episode that you're not aware of. 


You remind me of a client of mine that I had, and about a year later he ended up ending his life. I met him here on Reddit, in this forum, and his message started out almost exactly the same as yours. 



So I would encourage you to seek some therapy or counseling from someone who is trained to diagnose mental health issues because your brain is VITAL! 


What I learned losing my client is that human beings do not reach out for help soon enough because we think we can handle everything on our own. We can't. There's nothing wrong with getting some help. 


You might not even think there's anything wrong, but **apathy** is a symptom of some disorders like OCD. 



Sorry if seems intense. After he died, I vowed to never again try to spiritualize mental health issues, and direct people to get help. I  am also in therapy. Nothing wrong with it. 


❤️ As a mom of four children, death is not on my radar. 


I don't think about it anymore. I've made peace with the contract being the contract. I do not want to know my Exit Plan. 


I plan on living until I'm super old and then hopefully they'll have developed technology to greatly extend people's lives over the next 50 years, and if that's the case,  I'm in like Flynn baby! I'll take *all the chips* and everything cuz Immortality? bring it on! 


I would like to do a bunch of things, and if I could die whenever I wanted that would be awesome. 


Otherwise, I just want to live til I'm super old and I want to see as much of my family generation line play out as possible.


I want to see what my kid's kids look like, and if I'm old enough to see their kids- that would be amazing and I want to be around long enough to make an impression on the world and on my family, definitely. 


I don't fear death. I'm not scared to die. nothing like that, but I definitely want to live till I'm at least one hundred.


No one gets out alive. We're definitely not special in that any of us gets to escape death. However if there's a way to extend it so that I could have another hundred years like I would totally take that in a heartbeat. Yes, I am a very happy person and have a fulfilled life.  For all of that I have faced death many times and no longer fear the transition.   

I also don't just mean I have come close to dying, which I have; but I have also seen the specter of death when it came for a young woman I worked with. Maybe you had time issues in previous employment and that maybe creeping into your present day. Could it be a sign you need to move on or acknowledging you want to lay down roots as time is passing you by?
The smells could be there to take you to certain time and place as we have certain fragrance we associate with certain places or people. Dig deep within and feel what your sensing in your mind when you get these feelings as your very first impressions are often what you need to take notice of and ask yourself what are you trying to show me.  Don't let your mind race as it often tries to make sense of what you are sensing and you loose that first impression Clairalience means clear smelling. 
This is being able to smell odors that don't have any kind of physical source. Instances of this could include smelling the perfume or the cigarette smoke of a deceased relative, used as a sign of their presence around us. When our sense of smell is strong and distinct, we may find that certain smells connect us to past memories or we may be drawn to working as a florist, a wine taster or a perfume fragrance creator. Anyone has the sense to detect energy.  You don't necessarily have to practice reiki to pick up on energy.
If you look ant the outline of most things you can see the energy around it, don't really focus on and give it a soft gaze and you will be able to sense the e energy around the object.  I worked with wind turbines and I could see the glow of energy around them just from gazing at them It’s just like a muscle. Some people are born with stronger abilities while others have to work it out. Why are some people naturally better at basketball?

Why are some people naturally better at chess?

Why are some people naturally better at dancing? I believe it's due to a few reasons.  How many incarnations you have been through and your purpose being here in this life,  how open you are to spirit and has trauma caused you to block yourself?
Sometimes we get that wrapped up in our own lives and what's going on we simply can't see the wood for the trees.  In short we all have the ability, but some open up more than others because everyone is programmed and walked through life in many different ways ANYONE can experience this phenomena in the right brainwave state, in response to a weak magnetic field around the brain. Magnetism is an intrinsic property of consciousness itself. You have millions of magnetite crystals in your brain, and when your brain is in a state of hemispheric coherence, your brain is more capable of perceiving non-local/psychic information. 

I think you will find some good research on this through the work of the neuroscientist Michael A Persinger (RIP) and his team, among them Dr Todd Murphy who has an excellent YouTube channel with video lectures on this topic. 
Dr Persinger studied this phenomena for decades before he died. Dr Todd Murphy continues this work. 

All human brains are capable of receiving extra sensory information. When you are conscious/alert and awake, your brain operates on a higher frequency brainwave than when you’re sleeping/meditating/dreaming. Psychic phenomena studied in Persinger’s lab found that the 7-7.8hz frequency was typically the frequency in which psychic phenomena was experienced and could be observed in the lab. 

If you entrain your brainwaves to that frequency, the “binding factor” of your consciousness is disrupted and your brain is then sensitive to be aware of electromagnetic signals from other areas (outside of the brain), i.e, “non local information” aka psychic phenomena. Your brain is capable of this because it is full of magnetite crystals. Even though you may not be able to identify what a magnetic field “feels” like, you would be affected by it, regardless. 

The “binding factor” is simply the frequency we typically operate on, which allows us to believe that we are separate individuals and our consciousness is inside our body. Disrupt the signal and that changes. 

All magnetic fields are connected, so, if your brain is in coherence with the Schumann resonance, your brain may become aware of all kinds of information throughout the whole magnetic field. Again, ALL magnetic fields being connected (all conscious creatures, throughout earth’s magnetic field) would mean you could access more information from more places than you could imagine.

What’s really cool is that you can build technology, pretty affordable, that can entrain your brain to that frequency and experience this even if you may not otherwise consider yourself to be psychic. It uses a programmed Arduino, and a copper coil around a halo, runs off a program and a 9v battery, and is no more powerful than stereo headphones.

That being said, I wouldn’t consider myself or my mom to be psychic people, and the first time we used this technology she was able to ACCURATELY remote view and correctly identify a simple drawing I had made. I also attempted to read her thoughts, and approximated a representation of what she was thinking of (a butterfly). Both of us are completely new to these kind of experiences, and we are finding that it feels much more like our imagination, than what it actually is. We will be conducting further experiments to see how far we can develop our abilities and train ourselves to become more psychic. I personally believe that we each come here on a mission to do and learn certain things. Some people didn’t come here to experience those abilities but to experience other things this world has to offer. No one is better than one another, just on different journeys. That’s my simplified take on it at least. Some have more neural connections in their brain. Specifically a region of the brain called the caudate putamen. Everyone is psychic. Some have some resemblance of control over it.  Others rationalize low probability events and never really question where the information came from. Because their energy fields, bodies and minds have a different structure. Different is not better, is often worse in this case. Simply put; we are all unique. Each of us has something that we excel at more than most all others, as it should be. I'm sure you would agree you have an ability that's stronger/more developed than your others. Focus on the one that comes easily to you. I believe that ability is the one you will excel at as you are meant to. 💜 I feel like some people have pure intentions so their third eye and heart chakras arent blocked It comes with a price. The less-psychic people def romance the idea, however, the ability to peer behind the vail is more like a burden that few acknowledge (it mostly manifests as mental illness), and even fewer are able to turn into something productive that can actually help others. People have had many lives to learn many different kinds of karmic lessons.
As the soul gets older and learns more, the spiritual growth strengthens.
Some people move towards their higher self to the higher vibrational state and will be more receptive to the influences of spirit.
If our souls choose to descend, fail to learn lessons, and repeat life mission cycles, then those souls will struggle to connect with spirit. Genetic disposition may have something to do with it.  Divine blood and breeding or incarnations of Deities.  That would be the simplest answer.  It's been said the genetic difference between a spiritual person and an atheists perception is genetic as well and may relate to the penial gland, some people do not really have these.  I do not know if that's true but with be a logical understanding to the difference in our perception and reception to the universe. Awareness of information and energy is a study and pratice. 
Some come into the world more inclined to it, some work a bit to get it. 

It just depends on if you want it or reject it 
Muscles are muscles, lile top comment said 👌 [removed] Why are some ppl better at art then others? My self esteem has decreased after reading the comments :/ 

I feel like Mirabel from Encanto lol The same reason some people are naturally more athletic than others I’m someone who’s been  psychic since a child and my abilities haven’t really waned when I became an adult. As a child, I would talk to my grandfather that passed away & I knew facts about him that I shouldn’t of because I never met him in person. As a teenager, I could go to someone’s house and the lights would turn on or you could see “spirit people” in their house (especially when it’s my first time coming there). I even had friends that passed away when I was a teenager & they would come visit me & they would talk to me as if were having a conversation in real life. They would talk to me as if they didn’t die & like we are having a conversation as friends. My door would open and close all night & at some point I dropped out of school because I couldn’t handle my gifts. Did I ask for these gifts? Not exactly, but I couldn’t turn it off so I adapted to the gifts. When I was a teenager, I thought it was a bad thing because I experienced things like my bed levitating in the air, spirits jumping on phone calls with me talking to friends, spirits appearing in pictures & having panic attacks because I continued to see things. There was even a time, I went to visit my uncle for the first time in Georgia & I saw three different spirits in a room and the next day I was able to take a picture of one in these rainbow colors. 

I truly think some people are born with the gifts & didn’t necessarily ask for it but we are all intuitive in our own ways. I am basing this on my own experience & I think some people can enhance their psychic abilities and start their spiritual journey later on in life. Honestly, I think when you start your journey later in life or enhance the abilities on your own, it’s really nice because you are ready and welcoming that awakening. When you are born with it, it can be quite frightening at such a young age & times when you’re very vulnerable (like depression or times of sadness- negative spirits can be attracted to your energy. 

I think this topic is more dynamic & there are more factors than we think. I  particularly disagree with anyone giving concrete answers because there isn’t a yes or no or specific path to this. Psychics from all levels are all human at the end of the day & have their own opinions on this topic. Claiming to be an expert can be somewhat close minded. I would love to encourage everyone to share their experiences and knowledge so we can all learn from each other. Ive always known I'm psychic because I have had very significant experiences throughout my entire life but at the age of 31 I stopped taking drugs and meditated every day for 5 hours for 3 weeks straight and I had a profound shift in my abilities where I became fully telepathic and the occult and psychic information I have received has been mind blowing but it has also been very difficult. There are many malicious telepaths who work for the Ideological Satanists that control the built world. Anyway, another factor is age. For me it manifested in my late 20s and early 30s. Worthiness and purity of intent Because they are more aware. Some people are born with it more pronounced than others, *but* you can also either let that skill fall by the wayside **or** keep practicing so you get better at it. 


Case in point: in our family the whole legend is that "only the oldest daughter is the psychic". That's just not true. My younger sister and aunt also have psychic powers to some extent but they haven't developed them as much because of self limiting beliefs that they didn't inherit much in terms of clairsentience and clairvoyance. Also they call it "the most useless psychic power ever". My mom (also the eldest daughter) has more pronounced powers but she never developed them because she didn't know how (and also is wicked religious). 


Tl;dr: everyone has them and it doesn't matter what extra power ups you're born with if you don't spend time developing your gifts. I had a few psychic experience, especially a premonition about a co-worker's brain tumor that expressed poetically 10 days before the event. There were a few other remarkable events (see the cat events in Astral Projection in my history). I figured hey, I seem to have a gift, so started researching psi. The main thing I found that I could literally cultivate and quantify was remote viewing. I started with RV Tournament and proved that I can see the future (you concentrate on a 8-digit code & draw what comes to you, the actual photo is released next day). I'm now enrolled in an RV curriculum. The other thing that seems quantifiable is Radionics and I'm working towards that. Lastly PENDULUMS are awesome!!! It enables you to speak with your subconscious which is a direct line to the superconscious & knows all. Practically nobody communicates with their SC which is really like a conjoined twin & is where all psi comes from. Some of us are born that way In Destiny of Souls, Dr. Newton says that star seeds (alien-human hybrid souls, originating from a planet other than earth but now living on earth) usually have a greater psychic ability due to their original species in a past life reaching a higher intelligence level than most earth-originating humans have reached degree of calcification of the pineal gland and vitamin k2 deficiency. starseeds I think it has to do with empathy/ emotional intelligence… some people have lots, others don’t It’s taken you years to develop yours? Mine just dropped on me one day as if something cracked open my third eye with an ice pick! How do these things happen? Yep!  Definitely psychic, not crazy. Sorry for your loss. 

How to take control? Be patient. Practice. Be more patient.

Try this. Sit in a chair. Close your eyes. Take a deep breath. Feet flat on the floor. Hands separated and resting palms up on each thigh.

Create a grounding cord. This is a line of energy that connects your first chakra to the center of the planet. Your first chakra is a ball of energy about the size of a quarter that sits just in front of the base of your spine. Your grounding cord attaches to the bottom of that ball of energy.

Grounding makes your body feel safe, so you release energy more easily. Gravity pulls whatever you release, even your own energy, down to the center of the planet. No effort on your part. The center of the planet neutralizes the energy and returns it to whoever owns it. No karma for anyone. A virtuous cycle.

Nearly everyone goes to connect to the center of the planet the first time but stops at the soil, often making roots like a tree. This is a method that is taught in some martial arts styles, but it is not the best option for your spiritual development and healing.

So, notice the seat of your chair. Take a deep breath. Notice the distance between the seat and the floor. Now notice the distance between the floor and the soil below. Breathe.

Now notice the distance between the soil and the water table underneath. Notice the distance between the water table and the rocky mantle. Notice the distance between the mantle and the molten core below that. Deep breath.

Notice the distance between the molten core and the center of the planet. That ball of light at the very center of the planet is where you connect your grounding cord. Deep breath.

Say hello to the center of the planet. Do you get a hello back?

Notice the color and texture of your grounding cord. It may look like a line of energy, or look like something physical; a rope, a wire, a pipe, a tree trunk. Adjust it as needed to be in affinity with your body.

Getting this far means you've already released some energy from your aura and body. Now it is time to fill in the space that was created.

Create a gold sun over your head. Have it call back all of your energy from wherever you left it throughout your day and week. Work. School. Online meetings. Video games. Your fantasies about your future. Your regrets about your past. Wherever you've placed your attention. Just watch the energy come back and see if you notice where it came from.

Have the sun burn up and neutralize your energy. Then bring the sun into the top of your head. It will automatically flow into the spaces you created. Create a gauge to measure when you're full. Like a fuel gauge or oil gauge. You'll run better if you aren't a few quarts low on spiritual oil. If the gauge doesn't read "Full", bring in another gold sun.

Open your eyes, bend over and touch the floor, draining any tension from the back of your neck, then stand up, and stretch.

There is a progression with this technique. After grounding for ten minutes a day for a week or two, notice your grounding cord at the very end, while you're standing with your eyes open. Continue to ground with your eyes open and standing, and bring in another gold sun. Each day, increase the amount of time that you ground standing up with your eyes open.

After a week or two practicing this, add walking while grounded. Just notice your grounding cord as you walk. Say hello to the center of the planet while you walk. Bring in a gold sun while you walk.  If you lose your grounding cord, stop walking and recover it. If you have to, sit back down and close your eyes and create a new grounding cord.

After this, you're ready to take your grounding cord with you into your daily life. Shopping. Getting coffee. Wherever you go, you can ground. This, combined with a little amusement about seeing new things on an energy level, will keep you safe and sound.

Now that you're here, at the end of your grounding meditations, create a gold sun over your head. This time, fill it with your highest creative essence, your present time growth vibration, and your affinity for yourself. The first energy is a healing for you. The second is a healing for your body. The third is a healing for your affinity in your fourth chakra.

Bend over and touch the floor. Stand up and stretch. If you're ready for more, sit back down and ground some more. Otherwise, have a nice day!

Note that every image you imagine, the gold sun, the grounding cord, the center of the planet, your first chakra, your body parts, is exercising your clairvoyance. You may be imagining what your tailbone looks like, but you're also creating the image of your tailbone and reading its energy. This is practicing your clairvoyant ability. To answer the last question, meditation has made the biggest difference for me. I think that’s the best place to start It could be your past life. The civilization we currently live in could be rebuilding from the fall of an ancient civilization that was far beyond advance than is now. That's interesting, you went to a whole different dimension lol That very interesting maybe a vision of the future So cool :) These are energy centers that work as blueprints of building blocks. Just like a carpenter would have a blueprint to build a house. The consciousness has blueprints to create energy patterns that would fit the psychic-laws or rules. 

Just like a house can have a basement, a first floor, an attic, a yard, etc. The main consciousness can create a reality of its own with these energies. Google images [deleted] Are you expecting a lot of research evidence in one of the responses? Hey I was also having p vivid dreams while I was smoking. I've been clean for a little over a month now and the dreams just got way crazier and I can recollect many details. Highly recommend. I still miss weed sometimes but I am very proud of myself for having gotten this far and the dreams have made sobriety all the more worthwhile. And entertaining. And insightful I do.

I have no advice lol.

I just take it as it comes.

I've seen no pattern or correlation to any of them this far. I have some visions that come true I just have 2 psychic abilties dont worry about it too much. the mind serves as your interface for all phenomena—both visions seen from external objects and visions arising from internal circumstances. They just come at weird times. Ive seen visions that haven’t happened yet so idk what they symbolise I had one while driving down a busy highway once.  I was taken out of the vehicle ( obviously just in my mind) but I no longer persieved the road. Instead I was right in the midst of two visions that unfolded infront of me. 

I am not sure how long they lasted but when  I was again perceiving the road I was safe and still driving at highway speed.   If you want to discuss your visions. I am happy to listen. Feel free to message me. Just watch that’s so raven lol. She was a psychic who got visions Ever had a daydream with your eyes open? Somewhat similar, though I’ve never given another being control over the meat puppet. This is more of an active conscious mind and silencing the intellect mind to a level that certain thoughts of a certain frequency are impressed. It takes a type of conditioning. The condition is carried along with a desire to achieve the open channeling. Premonition. They're also called "precognitive." Approach spirituality as if coincidences don't exist, or very rarely. Otherwise, everything is just "coincidence" and you get into this closed-minded scientific materialism viewpoint. Your gifted❤️ This is happened to me, too. My mom also jokes about having psychic abilities sometimes lol, and I've had similar things where I have a strong feeling that ends up being true, even if there is evidence against it until it happens, or in my dreams I will have premonitions or remember signfiicant details that happen IRL later. I think it's up to you to figure out what to do with this info. 

For your boyfriend, you could tell him that you had a dream and ask him to be careful. If he were to have something bad happen to him, then that warning could either help him prevent being in that situation or prevent the situation from being worse. I think of it as similar to the call of the void, that feeling that when you're standing over a rail and you think "I could jump off this right now" but you don't. Phsyiologically, this is built into human brains so that we are aware and DON'T put ourselves in danger, and this type of warning could help your boyfriend.

Personally, I had a strong dream last night that my friend and her new husband announced their divorce. I woke up in a cold sweat, tried to relax, and then fell back asleep only to have the same dream but stronger again. This morning I texted my friend to ask her how she was because I had a dream about her. I didn't tell her what the dream was because I don't want to cause unnecessary worry, but I wanted to check in with her. You could do something similar, too. Tell your boyfriend you had a worrisome dream and to be careful, no specific details unless you feel it's important to share. Same with other people, although it's harder to do this for strangers like the little boy.

Sending you love and light <3 I’ve had a similar situation aswell! I had a dream I was at work stacking a particular shelf and I woke up and thought Lol that was bizarre. Come a few weeks later I’m actually stacking that same shelf, and get déjà vu from that moment in my dream. right after that we had an armed robbery Just because someone reaches out to you, doesn’t mean you owe them a response, or even an acknowledgement, especially if they/the relationship was toxic. 

Take the control back and pre-empt it - Block them all, especially if they’re no good for you. I agree with voodoo, practice boundary setting with people who you don't vibe with. Block and walk away.  Lots of toxicity online, too. You don't... you work on setting boundaries better, and not interacting with toxic people. That's purely your fault. I’m dealing this this too, thank you for sharing!Yeah, I like what others are saying about more boundary setting and energetic cord cutting. I’m still sifting out some energetic cords that have been draining me for too long Make it stop? What you have is a gift for you to use. What you want is more control and that comes with repetition, practice and resolve. Remove the energy cords and finally move on because thoughts can reconnect you to their energy. Also it may not be YOU doing this, but THEM! Nah don’t just channel it. If you want to make it stop it’ll be hard to make it happen again. Enjoy your gift. First of, you put energy into something, it will become more present in your reality. You can't really think about people without attracting the energy of them. You better think of something else, something you want to manifest into your reality.

Now, do you really want to stop it though? I find it kinda cool the manifestation process you described, not everyone has all this manifestation power. Not saying it is good, but I don't think it is bad either. You can surely extract the sweet juices of it. 

&#x200B;

About toxic people, I don't really know how you feel about it, but sometimes people change to the better, not saying you should listen to everyone, but it is a possibility. Now, if you really want to cut these people off from your life you gotta stop putting energy in this chord. The more you think about someone, the more this someone is present in your life.  
You can try a chord cutting meditation to get rid of thos unwanted energetic chords. If your into magic/spell casting you could also try a chord cutting spell, just search for it on reddit or google, there are tons of tutorials on how to do that. Wear a veil Your comment reminds me of a time in my life when I knew there was no fully ever going back to "making it stop". This may not apply to you but thought induction(malicious telepaths placing thoughts in your head leading to a chain of thoughts you think and possible actions) is a huge thing in the world right now. How in the world do you do that? the perception of time can be altered with numerous drugs, endogenous and exogenous. dmt is naturally occurring at time of death. caffeine, for instance, dilates time in my experience. I recently had a dream on this and this is what I was told. You can. Gravity - changes time, they showed me our solar system and how the gravitational dips around the planets bend light and time. Then they zoomed in on my life and showed me where i had placed “gravitational weight” on my own time frame. They showed that i was spacing my memorable moments too far apart. (by years) If i needed time to slow i need to give attention to each and every moment i am thankful for throughout the day. (Be just as thankful for your morning shower as you were thankful for Graduating HS for example) and  It’s worked tbh. I can spend a whole day accomplishing seriously 500% more activities than i used too. The trick is to pay attention to the moment in front of me and be thankful for it and move forward onto the next. Without even thinking about it time has tremendously slowed. If you put your attention(focus) on an event to the future you will begin to drift towards it in an increasing time frame as well. So stay present and focus on the task and your enjoyment of the MOMENT. I'm sure some can You do it by more fully experiencing the present moment with your senses, then time slows down. If you withdraw your attention to a fantasy or less detail of your environment than time speeds up. Humans can control time perception. And humans can control body temperature . Because we’re not mature enough to handle it. Some people would abuse their power! I'm pretty sure some people can. Actually I’ve learned this ability. I’ll take out a stopwatch on my phone, hit start, and as the numbers count I’ll “play with” the interval between numbers. I haven’t done anything too crazy yet but I’ve altered my perception to make time pass ~ 20% slower and ~ 40% faster than usual Belief One could say we have been evolving to speed up time at will, but at great cost to our happiness. 

If you look in to Zen, it is all about meditating to slow down time and experience happiness in the moment. 

I once became so intensely focused that I was noticing every hair on my arms. No drugs involved.

But as soon as we are at a boring job or whatever, our instinct is to speed up time to get it over with. It's the opposite of Zen, really. If you have a job you don't like it can start to seem like the days merge together and you start to feel depressed. You can do this a little bit like getting through the work day faster by keeping busy, not looking at the clock, keeping it fun.

Time seems to slow down when you are doing something you hate. Or you are in agony. 

Certainly taking drugs can alter you perception of time alot. Research time dilation, it was proven in the Einstein era that something moving faster experiences time more quickly. Ever heard the saying 'time flies when you're having fun,' ya well you can and do experience time dilation, and you can slow time down by staring at the clock watching each second. Hi my friend! Answering your questions in “my own XP”.
Humans can. I have “slowed” the time at will in my own time/space for “quite some time” now.
Perception, “timeless”. Stopped/Slowed. 
No drugs involved. 
Haven’t tried to speed it up yet. Not needed. But I can only imagine something kind of like “Jumper” the movie. There is so much info. I believe it’s somewhat a highly vibrational state you can reach at some point. Have experienced it myself somehow but stopped trying then again is something I don’t want to right now and few other things.
We “will” evolve “at will”. Our bodies are perfect and were made for that and so much more.

Train your eyes with light. Start with a small candle in a dark room for a few minutes a day. One eye first. Then the other one. (Cover gently one with your hand). Meditate while at it. Then both eyes. Then one and the other and so on…
Focus on the flame at first, then slowly move on to the light. 
That will help with some of the “current” eye’s diseases as well. 
But for starters, drink “tons” of water to start up the engine and cleansen it.
Hope to be of help. Love. Some shaman can do this. I have been trained in it, but it is not easy. Same goes for seeing in the dark, which is a little easier to do and only took about 10 years training. A common example you’re kind of describing is what you experience during an adrenaline spike, alters the perception and experience of time. You can definitely experience time faster or slower at will in a few different situations and not just with ‘recreational drugs’. Meditation and flow states often exhibit these experiences. Having good control over the factors involved in your perception and experience of the present seems like it requires a level of discipline many people just don’t want to exert. As for evolution, seems like there’s plenty of ‘psychosocial forces’ we haven’t fully realized the potential of, the brain is still very much unknown as the full structure it already is and we’ve probably evolved the ability to do many things we aren’t fully taking advantage of They can. requires practice and mediation on the concept of time.

Time is perceptual, along with entropy. So with YouTube readings I’d be a little skeptical. Curses are not that common that I’m aware of, and if 1,000 people watch that video does mean that they all have cursed marriage? 

I’d also gather more info on the curse your MIL is speaking of. Why would they curse her family? There is a chance that it’s a scam and they’re requesting money to undo the “curse” but if they for some reason have a personal vendetta against her then maybe I’d start considering it I am also African like your husband - Ghanaian. In many African cultures black magic is practiced and is legit. I, too, watch tarot readings on youtube. even tough they are for the collective if it resonates, it resonates so trust yourself! Something is telling me that your MIL is not wanting you to be married to her son. However that is just my opinion. As someone who is aware of black magic and it’s negative affects I would HIGHLY recommend getting some kind of protection: crystals, a TRUSTED/LEGITIMATE spiritual advisor, etc…. Watch for flies.
Or weird accidents happening.
Generally speaking though a bunch of flies appearing in the house is something I've seen in a lot of practices as sign of someone sending something wrong your way. I don’t really put much stock in the mass YouTube readings to be honest. 

What I do is close my eyes and ask a question to myself, then wait for my gut to respond. If I get a bad feeling in my gut I trust it. 

There are healers you can go to for cleansing but research because there are a lot of fakes out there. Also, black candles for protection. 

At the same time, while I do believe in magic and curses… I also strongly believe in mental health. If your husband is acting irrationally, talk to him about seeing a therapist. A good culturally competent therapist will take your spiritual views into account and use a holistic approach. r/witches may know better There are many levels to this. First up there are really bad elements out there. Second, the better thing to do is find all the really good things. This honestly is the best defense. Find all the good feeling things you can and laugh and find joy in everything. This is the best defense. The second part is to be firm in your barriers and really assert yourself and your space. Know that you are the master of your life and own it. Then make it a happy fun place to be. The way those bad elements work is it instills fear and uncertainty and then the person that is affected starts to assist in the work being done. Kind of the same as a cancer patient that believes they will die from the disease. I hope this helps. So my grandma’s brother had black magic done on him in India. He was about to come to America and after his wedding he started going nuts. Like acting like a madman and doing weird shit like selling all of his belongings, spending nights outside, and just really weird things. My family didn’t know he had black magic done on him until a bit later. 

My family was very upset and prayed a lot and asked God to show them a way to heal him. His newly wedded wife was so upset and didn’t know if she should even stay with him. My grandma’s family eventually found a healer. When my grandma’s mom walked into the room, the healer immediately said please send this lady who is incredibly sad over my way. He then told them after closing his eyes that their neighbor had done black magic by putting something in my grandmas brother’s food. After he ate the food on his wedding night is when he went insane so it made sense. They did a lot of things to reverse it and it made a difference but unfortunately it left a lasting impact on his brain and he still has to take medication for his behavior to this day, but it is now where near as bad as what it was when he first got married. 

The only cure to black magic is to go to a healer and go to a church and have your whole family blessed. You also have to pray every day. 
Black magic can only be reversed by positive white energy that comes from true intentions such as connection with God or someone with good intent while healing.

Some suggestions I have are:
1. Pray everyday and have your husband pray everyday 
2. Go to a church and have a priest bless both of you. A priest who prays all the time also is a healer in a way so this is helpful.
3. Go on tiktok, YouTube, and google ways to remove black magic spell. There are sooo many helpful videos 
4. Egg cleanse - look up how to do an egg cleanse and do it 
5. Get healing crystals and healing energy elements in your home and lots of healing plants. You want to fill your space with as much positive energy as possible. 

It is going to take time so do these things for a few months. practice psychic defense- specifically cleansing of the aura and wear anything with an evil eye. black magic is extremely common- it can happen just from others thinking negative thoughts about you. and while it can be effective, staying in the light is much stronger and will always block any of that. [removed] No. Magic is not real Go to a BaBaLao If you have black magic you would sense a really huge change prior to when you guys got married and it would get worse by day. There would also be fights for just about any reason and it’s possible that if they were attempting to split y’all apart, he would be cheating. If he’s not cheating, then he’s definitely not giving you enough respect and there’s tons of tears through the marriage. Also if there’s chances you’re being recommended to a psychiatry keep in mind that’s another sign. Sometimes spells have a way of messing with peoples minds making them sensitive and angry pretty quickly. He’ll look lost mentally and isolated. He’ll want to be alone most times. There may also be issues with a job loss / financial losses or possible diseases for unknown reasons.

Try to find someone locally and see what advice they may offer or reach out to another subreddit that would help! Do they channel *through* the subconscious realm? Are they an aspect of you or past life?

Also beware that anything could be a lie or a trick to throw you off. please cleanse your pendulum and practice psychic defense before using it. before going into a session- make a statement that only those of the light can use it. i normally call out to guides, angels, and ancestors specifically. pendulum work is a form of divination that can be just as dangerous as using a ouija board when not used correctly. Talking to spirits is like talking to anyone. We don't listen to all of them without discernment.

That said, the spirits are you. The universe is one thing.

There is nothing to be afraid of.

If a man walks up to you and begins to ramble and tell you things you don't like, you probably leave right?

Spirits tell us stuff all the time. We are not obligated to listen or participate.

Follow your feelings and do as feels best. If you feel scared of this entity, this is all I am recommending you work to diminish. There is nothing to he afraid of.

🙏❤️ if it said it was a friend, how did that jive with your gut instinct? You really need to be careful when dealing g with the pendant and other things for purpose of channelling.
You need to make sure you perform a grounding exercise before you start doing anything. 
You need to train your pendant so you understand what answers you are getting.  If my pendant swings left for yes and right for no then that doesn't mean yours will be the same.  Yours could swing clockwise for yes and anticlockwise for no for example so you need to go through the motions and write down what action the pendulum takes for what question.
When you perform your grounding exercise make your intent to only speak or channel spirit with 100% pure and divine intention.  Ask for protection from your spirit guides and arc angel Michael.  
If you pick.up a low level entity then they probably won't give you any names and probably mess you around, ask for help with these from your guides and thank them for their time and energy then  move on make it clear they are not welcome within your energy.  It's very important you close your session properly and leave nothing open when your finished.  You will probably get random answers when your first setting out, but stick with it and remember grounding and closing your session off properly and you will develop your skill as time passes.
Practice is key 👌🏼 I totally get where you're coming from. I have those moments where I sometimes just "know" things/ how they will turn out. Then I have other moments where I have a short fleeting thought of something I want to happen/ should happen, and it ends up happening. At some point, I just thought it was pure coincidence, but after a while, I noticed the probability of the stuff happening was low, so I started noting them down. Anyway, I don't know what it means, it could just be a very rare case of coincidences lol, but I once saw a psychic and he told me that I had a form of clairvoyance where I just know things. I had never met him before and he didn't know me, and I didn't tell him anything about this, it was about 5 mins into the reading and he had no information about me whatsoever...so IDK, could be, or couldn't be... I think you need to train your mind back into a positive mind set.  When a negative thought comes in try and tell yourself that it's not what you want any more and replace it with a positive remark.  Keep doing this and you will train your thought patterns away from negative vibes ❤️ i consider my intuition a sixth sense, welcome to the club! It certainly looks like your intuition was right and your friend has shown you she is at peace now.  Practice with other things and see where it gets you as you try and develop your gift, but take comfort in knowing your friend came through to you ❤️ Hmm...🤔 Shadow people are real entities, they're from another realm. And people do have shadows but what you described isn't something that a person's shadow, the rejected not-socially-acceptable parts of them, can do.

I suppose it could be possible for someone to create a tulpa like being, and send it to spy on you? And it could appear as a shadow? Is your psychic friend open to answering more questions? It sounds like you're able to see spirits the same way I'm able to!  When did this start for you?  For me it's been as long as I can remember.  It's just really exciting to meet someone who sees spirits in the same manner!

After I took an interest in this ability and started welcoming and allowing it, the next thing to come were visions.  So basically, the spirit will let me see a memory of theirs or some event that took place in their life.  Sometimes the spirit will appear as if they are physically there; so not transparent at all.  That doesn't happen too too often though Could it be their guide?

Like, I sometimes see something similar, but as a translucent sphere/circle, that disappears when I focus on it (intentional or not). I asked my mom, who is very knowledgeable about these matters, and she told me its someone who's thinking about me/ wants to know how I'm doing, if I'm alright. Idk though, just food for thought lmao I don’t. But people see/feel spirits differently. Guides that accompany all persons. You describe this perfectly! I see the exact same thing, it started a year ago. I never knew what this was and thought it was auras but ways felt it might be something more. I see the outline of the aura but then the person is almost behind them or on their side if that makes sense? They can be in different colours like white, blue , green or purple.

Sometimes i thought am I staring at the person too long then I'm maybe seeing the outline of the person. But then the transparent human will have outlines of different hair or a beard than the person and I know for certain it's something different. Amazing that you see the same, I would love to learn more about this lol It's always funny when some one comes up with the same theory that has always existed and tries to put their own 'unique' spin on it.

Buddy old pal. The first principle of hermetics, one of the oldest philosophies in written history is, The All is Mind and the mind(personal) is apart of The All, but the mind is not The All. -Kybalion

I suggest you quit making up theories and find yourself in a bookshop with a couple real old books that provide a better description than you can with your lacking perspective. And don't get me wrong the only reason I say that is because you're guessing at ideas that have already been hypostulated publicly. There is alot you are missing, and alot you are short coming with but only because of a lack of perspective.

Like any book that documents pshycical research from the first half of the 20th century. But my personal favorite was "The Science Behind Miracles" -Max Freedom Long who documented the Hawaiian Kahunas. 

What you are trying to do is take an old thing that has already been scientifically looked at and you're trying to make yourself 'okay' with it's mere possibility. One doesn't take a biologists word for salt and just reinvent biology. You go off what we already know. Maybe they are your ancestors and you’re merely perceiving them as old people. For me the people usually express some type of mood, so maybe you’re feeling like your old, relatable Seek inside for your own answers to these questions. Only you can decipher the way you project meaning and identity on to your experiences. Maybe it's a sign you need to be more wise in your Outlook or decision making maybe.  Look at how you feel when you see them and what thoughts come to mind, try to hold the first impressions you receive as the mind quickly tries to rationalise what your seeing.
Ask yourself in your mind what does this mean and see what comes to mind Could be your ancestral spirits. You don't have to have known them in this life time/incarnation. Free will is a truth as are influence over others or consequences of choices, you could even believe that your mind is getting ready for the future instead or simply in the present, but its only what i think. I will tell you that I own three cats and they usually leave birds, snakes, lizards and the occasional rat at the entrance of my house. I think maybe some cat brought it to your house. did you check if there was any other ingredient in the rat? Have strange or unpleasant things happened to you as a result of this? A lot of times people are open to suggestion. As a hypnotist……one thing I can say is emotions increase suggestibility. You only noticed supposed actions after they told you and if you consider fear is a strong emotion it made the suggestion stick. I would block the person immediately and say to myself the words and actions of others have no effect on me….and I am healthy. I am happy…etc I completely echo what u/davidle3 said. 

The power of suggestion is extremely powerful. And as a long practising witch, I can honestly tell you that casting spells to harm others takes an awful lot more than that. You haven’t been cursed or hexes, but the suggestion was put to you that you had and now your brain is making connections and assumptions to validate that belief. Block this person, what they’re doing is childish at best. You don’t owe them a thing and you don’t need to be afraid, you’re absolutely fine. Block and forget them. Yes, that is your energy body.

You moved your assemblage point ("AP").

;-) Was your eyes opened or closed. I usually close my eyes while meditating and I see weird colors and like the darkness behind my eyes has depth to it. Most humans have auras that are blueish like that! Instead of blocking out energy or “shielding yourself” a wise human once told me to work on separating which emotions are yours and which aren’t. Sometimes you know, sometimes it’s harder to distinguish, but the trick is to take that energy and instead of processing the emotion AS your own, use it for something as you would with your own emotions. You have the gift (and all superpowers can also be curses depending on how you use it) of energy. Energy likes you. Use it for something good. 

For ex use your dads bad mood energy to either create something useful or use YOUR energy to override (or help if u want) his mood instead of using his energy to override yours. 

Hope this makes sense! You’ll get the hang of it :) and it won’t be such a curse to you when you do! Blocking others energy out is necessary in certain situations when it’s not the right time to use your fun superpower, but other times, try and actually use it! And then even just walking into a room will change the whole vibe as well as how people feel..aka literally lighting up the room with your energy! You need to learn how to [ground, center, and shield](https://aflourishingsoul.com/complete-guide-grounding-centering-shielding/).  They're psychic and energy techniques that should be practiced together (at the same time).  Doing this will give you a "buffer" to not feel other people's feelings so directly.  Part of you may still be aware that over there someone is upset, but you won't need to run that emotional energy through your own system. As I’ve gotten older I allow fewer opportunities for disruption. Crowds can overwhelm.  Enjoy your youth, but if the crowds take too much shielding, you may find you want to use your energies elsewhere. We have an article in the sub WIKI about meditation that covers blocking and shielding too, essential self-care for anyone IMHO. See if that helps? 

https://www.reddit.com/r/Psychic/wiki/index/faq?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf While there are some drawbacks to being an empath. There are also positive aspects. 
Hang out with positive people and you'll find their energy will pick you up.
Go to concerts where they play the type of music you like. That will uplift you. Crowds with high positive energy are beneficial so personal development seminars or spiritual groups.

Sometimes you can transmute energy to make it more palatable for you or simply to neutralize it.
This is an additional tool besides grounding, centering and shielding. Use a shield. You said you are young and this is can be a hard time for empaths because you get bombarded. When I was young I started using a projected image of a bright shining gold cross.  I would visualize it in my mind and push it out in front of me.  It helped to keep negative energies away. 

My sister, also an empath uses a thick bubble of air.  It can be whatever you like and whatever you can put your own energy into to work as a shield.  

It gets easier with time,  but I remember being young and feeling everyone around me, their feelings knowing they weren't mine bur still experiencing them.  I feel for you,  but empathy is a good gift to have and I think becoming rarer in this world.

Keep developing it. Drink up lmao. Tbh 🍺🍺🍺 RESPONSIBLY THOUGH. Eat junk food. Watch violent movies. Focus on money. Watch influencers on instagram. Be nasty to people. Be selfish. Focus in your appearance. Drink alcohol excessively. Avoid going into nature. IME you can't really stop being psychic but you can buffer yourself so you aren't projecting your energy.  You need to looking into shielding practices (grounding, centering, and shielding).  


Also, it sounds like you have a lot of anxiety about other people and how they think about you.  How other people is really not your problem.  You may want to look into various ways to address your anxiety and build up your boundaries.  Don't take responsibility for how other people feel. Is it possible that people are sending you texts to check in because you’re projecting anxiety and insecurity? Projecting is not the same as sending telepathic thoughts, but other people 100% feel it, it’s a part of our social structure, but it’s not necessarily a healthy practice. If you’re grounded and secure in yourself then other people will pick up on that and start responding to you in those ways, but if they sense anxiety and insecurity it’s only natural for them to ask if you’re okay. have been there.. recently I got that feeling when someone was dead.. they are not so close but I remembered them .. then I got a call that she passed away.. I was terrified and felt numb.. I didn't feel nothing.. I accepted the gift So you keep having this feeling and then people end up dying? Mt grandmother told me that this would be the last time I saw her alive. I tried to make it back up there. When I got in town,  she passed away from COVID-19 and no visitors allowed. 

My aunt had never told me she loved me but the very last time I saw her, she was walking out of my room and paused, looked at me and told me she loved me. 

2 people I know knew they were going to die hours before they did. I think, depending on your connection to the cosmos,  people can feel something is going to happen.. It always rains on them days for me I started noticing it when the first person passed for me at a young age..... something extremely weird happen with one my friends I was at work and I stopped in my steps and felt different I can't explain it  but I was worried and confused but I knew something was wrong I was on here and tryin figure out this app and boom my friend I put so much into as she did me was missing idk when I was worried when I stopped she did flash every possible person that feeling was different all I can remember is ILOVE YOU moe I experience the exact same thing! 

It’s bizarre but I understand completely, it’s exactly as you said it - that overwhelming gut feeling you’ll never see that person again. Not a dress, not a bad feeling, not a knowing they’re going to pass (although after it happening a few times, you KNOW that’s what it means) not a when, or how, you just know. 

I can’t offer much advice except to say to listen to it. I don’t know when, or how but it’s happened enough now for me to know what it means. I can’t warn them, I mean warn them of what exactly?! so now I take the opportunity I was given just to tell them how much they mean to me, that I appreciate them and I love them. With some people it’s been days before they pass, but others it’s been a few weeks. Either way, I haven’t ever seen them again after I’ve had that insight, so I’ve made that last meeting a good one. It’s all you really can do. I experience this, too. It sounds like you’re tapped into that current. Ever consider psychopomp work? Maybe your state of least resistance and manner of processing export from the information you get is just unfamiliar and uncommon? Okay.... when I began channeling my guides as a teen, the same things happened to me,  and I feel that is pretty normal when starting out.  As I have grown older, instead of concentrating on my closed eyes, I moved my focus up to my third eye, and that really helped with the eye fatigue and jumping.  Feel the energy entering your third eye and exiting through the base of your skull.

Also, I strongly suggest that you ask specifically to speak to your guides, rather than a random benevolent being.  Your guides are there for YOU, and once you get familiar with them, bring them through before you channel other beings.  They will act as a buffer between you and beings that might not have good intentions. I’m a musician and writing music is a form of channeling. I always see it as a sort of crowded moving sidewalk. There’s lots of people on the sidewalk and you have to not only figure out how to safely jump onto the moving sidewalk but you also have to learn how to balance and stay on the moving sidewalk. I’ve found that ritual is the easiest way to get on board. Beyond that it’s a matter of practice and learning how to manage the physical aspects of your body whether that’s writing, playing music etc. while channeling. I used to mess up recordings all the time because when I would come out of channeling I would be disoriented and not know where I was in the song. After years of practice, now I can move in and out of channeling without skipping a beat. This stuff takes time so be patient and keep practicing! I think it kind of starts off like that. Channeling kind of reminds me of a muscle. I was only better at it than when I continue to practice. And now I can do it pretty much anywhere at any time. But when I first started out over 15 years ago it was definitely a harder thing to do. It sounds like you might be getting nervous or anxious which might lead to losing contact. You would probably need to work on that. Synchronicity is a very trippy and real thing. Because all humans are born with psychic ability some are more meant for it than others and they have more natural ability and that's you. I'm not sure that would be precognition but things in the world are working the same as they always have you're just more psychically awake now. It's a natural inevitable process, part of your soul's evolution I think. Precognition There's no such thing as reality. We’re just all evolving as one. Normal. It might take a bit to get used to, but you will. I have flash visions of the future. It’s instantaneous. I’m somewhere else (or sometimes in the exact same spot, but ahead in time). I don’t even realize what’s going on until I come back into normal time, similar to falling asleep, and dreaming, except I’m standing up. They have come to pass before. I don’t know if all of them are this lifetime kind of things. Based on one I’ve had in particular, I hope not. Hang in there. Well hopefully that’s not a vision of the future! Lol

This sounds like your minds way of processing the intense emotions of a situation that is too overwhelming for just your body to process. It sounds like you had an intense emotional fear of what could happen that was instantly triggered when roe was overturned. 

So when there’s too much info for your mind to process at a normal rate and too many complex emotions for your body to process at a normal rate and they’re happening at the same time, sporadic glimpses of both informations coming together may be your minds way of processing info double time while also keeping you relatively sane.

In psych, they may assume that this is a hallucination, but these types of hallucinations are necessary for your mind and body to stay in sync when it comes to info and emotions.

Your body’s physical responses (sweating, smelling the smoke) is 100% typical in a hallucination or, “vision.” Buddhists are able to lower their body temperature for example if they are that in tune with their mind..kind of like switching to a temporary conscious way of communicating with your body. It’s usually mastered by years of mediation, but it seems like you are an Empath who is able to jump into situations that your mind comes up with as a way of processing info and emotions (how u feel) which comes to life for you through ur senses.

Why? Bc your body and mind need an outlet for these things. Information overload can spark this glimpse or vision. Now whether it’s actually the future? Guess we’ll wait and find out. You may have some sort of ESP happening in there that is preparing you for something LIKE that, but most likely it’s not exactly the vision you saw or consciously experienced. But usually, something even if it’s just the emotion the vision was based on, tends to be a prediction that comes true ha go with the flow <3 i learned from a tarot teader, anxiety is usually a repetitive thought and a stressful kinda intimidating thought. intuition is a peaceful inner voice that is hear to guide you, so it’s a clear calm voice. so anxiety makes you anxious, your inner voice does not I've heard the saying "anxiety screams, intuition whispers".  Obviously not applicable in all scenarios but I try to keep it in mind. What I do when in doubt,  I breathe deeply,  get as relaxed as I can without fully meditating,  and if I still feel it, it's intuition. 

Anxiety is caused by stress,fears,etc... when you relax enough,  you shouldn't feel anxious. Your intuition is light tap on the door, and your anxiety/fear is a bang on the door For me, intuition feels 'complete' while anxiety feels like I have to think about it more than twice. Intuition you just know it without knowing why you know it, even if there's anxiety involved. While anxiety you're not sure if you know, you have to guess if you know it, or not. It sounds like your intuition is causing you anxiety merely from overthinking it. You’re sending signals telling your body that your intuition is a danger. Try working on calming your anxiety first and foremost before delving deeper in intuition building. This would include, shadow work, talk therapy, adjust diet, getting grounded / centered in your body with exercise. For me, by practicing mindfulness meditation. You learn to hear the difference in "pitch" of your inner voice/monologue. It did not happen overnight for me. My inner anxiety voice tends to be in first person. My intuition voice is in second or third person, more observational, and much quieter. When I ignore anxiety voice, consequences are generally neutral or non existent. When I ignore intuition voice, consequences are generally negative. Anxiety is draining. Like it exhausts you. Intuition is more of a “knowing”. 

I’ve been asking myself that exact question myself for months now. I’m only just getting it too. Fear is restrictive. It's a what if. It's a negotiation. It's control oriented. It's rooted in the past or future. Think root Chakra/ tribe rules. Anxiety keeps you safe in comfort. Talks at you in warning. 

Intuition is expansion. A binary yes/ no. Stay/ go. Freedom. Truth in the present moment. Consistent knowing. Intuition tells you to move 1 step forward. Talks with you in assurance. From my perspective:

I've found that when I'm anxious, my thoughts feel intrusive, almost cruel. And they nag. They don't stop. I can feel it in my whole body -- my chest, my tummy will turn over, I'll even shake. Something I've learned greatly over the last couple of years is that even seemingly "good" events or thoughts will cause these reactions -- it feels like an adrenaline rush, but it doesn't stop. When the event passes, I feel so work out physically, even if the outcome turns in my favor. 

Anxiety is bred from fear, both subconscious and conscious; both acknowledged and unacknowledged.

When it's intuition, it's less of a thought and more of sense of radical acceptance, suddenly and without preempt. I don't have to argue with the notion, it just *is* -- the same way water is just wet, the way fire is hot, the way the sky is blue, the way rain falls from clouds. As a species, we now know why those things exist the way they do, but before the phenomena was understood, it was simply accepted as *is*. I don't feel the negative physical affects in my physical body, but I do feel a something -- like that sense of giving in, or even the relief you would have when you're very tired and lean up against something stable and sturdy. 

Intuition is knowing without having been given or found the knowledge. 

That being said, there are times where they can feel eerily similar, but for me, the trick is to clear your mind.  If I can do so fairly easily, and without negative bodily effects I trust it as intuition, but if my central nervous system has no chill, it's anxiety and I need to find the root so I can understand why I'm having an internal meltdown. Physically you feel anxiety in your head, and intuition in your gut. Anxiety is rooted in fear and trusting our guts is scary, so, honestly, you’re probably feeling both. The magic happens when you’re able to overcome the anxiety, trust your intuition and fall into flow. Our intuition doesn’t always sound rational so our rational mind will panic if you’re not ready to go there. I heard before that anxiety often speaks to you in a form it’s addressing you, as in “You are awful and no one likes you” whereas intuition speaks more objectively as in “This situation is dangerous” or “That person is not safe.” The only truth I can speak to that is my own; when I actually listen to the thoughts closely it is indeed actually how it sounds. Intuition speaks to the situation, anxiety puts you at the centre or cause of it. i kinda use all of it as a chance to manifest whichever things i do want to happen and almost willing the bad things into remaining simply anxieties that never come to physicality Man talk about a shot in the dark. Dunno why you're asking anyone here 😂

No one here will be able to answer your question very well, I hate to say it, but with intuition it really comes down to practice and observation.

You'll never know if a dream win come true until it does!

I'd say try to meditate more to get yourself more aware of your surroundings and other than that good luck and pay close attention to your gut feelings and if they end up being true or not Intuition is a less severe emotion, anxiety feels so heavy, so when I feel like I’m losing control of my body I know it’s anxiety because it’s too intense and dark. 

Intuition feels lighter, more fun, more interesting, more dreamy. It’s a more pleasant feeling. Like waiting to get on your favorite ride at Disney. I like to differentiate them like I would textures that I can physically feel. Intuition feels to me like a solid piece of tree bark in my hands; kind of rough, but unique and just is. In comparison, anxiety feels like trying to give a squirrel a bath, that absolutely doesn't want a bath. For me they feel different. I have anxiety going into a bad situation. Feels like butterflies in my stomach. My intuition telling me something is wrong feels like electricity going from my head to my toes, making the hair on my neck and arms stand up straight. 

I'm probably not explaining well, but they have two very different feelings for me. Because intuition just comes to you,  like being already "known" and there is no anxiety behind it. I get premonition grieving, I hate it it is disgusting and I cannot switch it off, I never know who it is going to be I have to sit it out. I do everything in my power not to think about it and it will not go away. Sorry to storm. your post but do you/does anyone know of how I can get rid of it any techniques. I have it now. I cannot live my life like this anymore, it's disturbing. Thank you for this discussion. I have often wondered about the same things. Anxiety is fear based and our divine intuition is love based. My anxiety and my intuition ( gut feeling ) are definitely connected I have reoccurring déjà vu I can dream about a person that will some time soon I will meet, once in that moment I am just some how already recognize the present moment . Anxiety starts in the mind, intuition starts in the body. Stop thinking about the people around you. You send them a message and you make them think of you. Not thinking frees both you and those around you. In this way, you will not be sleep deprived, and so will those around you. We have a few articles in the sub WIKI that may help! 

This one is from the FAQ. It starts by talking about meditation (including cleansing, blocking & shielding) then talks about how to meet your spirit guides for beginners.

https://www.reddit.com/r/Psychic/wiki/index/faq?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf

The other articles is from the ‘best of’ section, but is another on how to meet your guides. 

https://www.reddit.com/r/Psychic/comments/76lobf/how_to_contact_your_spirit_guide/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf

Hope they help some Read the seven types of spirit guides by Yamile Yemoonyah. You can ask your guide to step into your auric field during a meditation and feel their energy. Step 1: get some foil

Step 2: you’re going to need exactly 5 sheets of paper

Step 3: origami fold the one piece of paper into a boat

Step 4…

Step 37: after you have completed the fire ritual then proceed to repeat steps 7-12 and then go to step 38.

Step 38…

Jk

In the spirit world it should be enough to focus the mind on something and they will get the call. Just talk to yourself, it’s the same thing. The voice you hear inside of you is you. There is a lot to learn.  <3 i would recommend these to start your learning journey:
Bian Weiss -> youll learn about the spirituality In a modern world
Helen wambach -> she's out of print. But if you can get life before life you ll learn more about reincarnation and life choices
Robert Monroe ->now we get to training.  There are many records uploaded on his obe season from the Monroe institute, so they are free to download anda great way to start.
Lobsang rampa -> these have knowledge a bit more hidden but they are there 

The hardest thing i have found of being an empath is to control strong feelings not yours.  All the negative feelings are strong and hard to control.  In my case, my father was also a violent man so i "have that bug" and that makes me easier to snap with them. 

However equally negative is sadness, desperation, depression etc Do your ground center and shield? Youtube can teach all three. Then do a practice while shielding and grounding. After sending your energy to the earth's core and calling it back up. do this. Pause the energy at each chakra. Begin at the root chakra and move up to the sacral, etc. 
Feel the energy of the chakra expand and let it spin. As each chakra spins, and the light in it and energy in it expands, observe it. A blocked chakra will not expand and open. So when you reach a blocked one, you will notice it does not expand it tries to remain smaller. Spend extra time pulling energy into that chakra. 

Know it may not work the first time. So move on up if there is resistance.

Depending on the reasons for the blockage inner child work may be needed. For example, I had a terrible block in my heart chakra where we store our grief. Work had to be done to release and heal that chakra.

We store worry in our root chakra, sexual trauma on our sacral chakras and etc.

Be patient. It happens over time, through confronting and healing that inner child in each area.

You may notice a popping sensation and a sound when the chakra first opens again, and a sense of joy that follows.

Some spiritual people recommend decalcifying your pineal gland with a change of diet. I can only tolerate so much in the way of dietary change myself. Veganism is not for all of us. It might help you. You can try it.

There are other things you can do. This is a place to start.

I find that doing this activity at a beach, in the actual surf, is helpful to me. It is the salt water and the grounding that I find of great use. If you know you’ve had past traumas then start there. When you begin a trauma healing journey your senses will wake up the more and more you heal. Getting in touch with yourself and being open and *honest* with yourself opens the third eye. [removed] "Am I crazy?" is a natural question for psychic input.   In particular, it is the Pineal gland / third eye that interprets things we feel yet cannot see.

You might find some reassurance studying chakras, remote viewing, and remote healing.  All of these things are known to exist, and have been duplicated by many people.  The CIA, Military, and Police have all been known to use a method called controlled remote viewing.

No, I don't think you are crazy. Hi there, I was you at one time! I’m turning 25 this year, but I was once the 16 year old girl who questioned my reality. 

Number one, you aren’t crazy! Believe yourself when you receive these messages. You already have the evidence to back it up. 

I saw you said you need help, so number two (my biggest piece of advice to you) is learning how to turn the dial up and down, how to turn it off, and how to shield yourself from unwanted messages. 

There’s a ton online that can help you, but a quick practice that I use is this: I start by closing my eyes and telling spirit that I’m not available right now. Then, I imagine slamming a door shut and locking up multiple industrial locks on the door with a key. Sometimes this works once, sometimes I have to do it a few times/shut multiple imaginary doors until I feel the messages turning off. Alternatively, I do the inverse when I’m ready to turn it back on. 

Hope this offers some guidance and helps to tackle your intuitive gifts a bit. Much love. Sorry, I just need help Not crazy at all. Just gifted. Try adopting a meditation practice! It can help you work on your gifts. And if you ever feel overwhelmed or anxious from it, practice grounding or channel your root chakra. Not crazy at all. Learn your gift and how to protect yourself. We are all as unique as our fingerprints and so are our gifts. You're absolutely not crazy. I find its a very normal (and regular) question I ask myself. A small dose of skepticism is healthy, in my book, because sometimes things that have happened really could just be mundane. However, your experience with your best mate sounds the opposite of mundane, and very interesting. 

You can probably practice that with people if you want (and they are okay with it), it sounds like you have an amazing talent there. And again, no, you're not crazy. Best of luck OP. I predict stuff without knowing, I start doing a vengeful thing, but I stop at the middle , because of regrets( I’m doing wrong thing), but at the end people still kill me, and I do regret that I didn’t listen to my instinct. 

Yes we can blame our 3 rd eye, because we can’t have a clear view of the things, meditation, self education, calm and correct breathing. Will make you’re “instinct” be more clear and wise. Only people who call you crazy are crazy. You are gifted, and it only gets better from here. I won’t say that it’s an easy journey having these abilities, as I am on the same path. But it’s a very eye-opening journey and it’s a lot of fun. You get to see things that a lot of people close themselves off too. This is truly a gift. Never think of it as a burden, this gift is here to help you grow and help other people. You should be proud of yourself for not shutting yourself off completely to it. Professional Reader here. Totally normal. **NOT** crazy. Empathic and Claircognizant would be my guess. Claircogs can do a little of everything. 



Wait til you can hear people's thoughts in their heads. That shit will trip you the fuck out first few times. Lol



Congrats! I would also like to mention that, IMHO it's always important a strong set of beliefs: call or religion or belief.  So that you can't get shaken, tampered or manipulated with >the weird thing was like i could almost turn on and off this “ringing tuning up a radio sound” i could also feel it in my ears turning on and off

I'm a lifelong skeptic/physicalist who started earnestly exploring spirituality about a year ago, and this year, for the first time in my life, I've been experiencing the radio static thing too. Very infrequently, but it has already led to a near-OBE for me on one occasion.

Interestingly, the last couple of times it's happened, I've also been able to switch it on and off. It's fascinating! It only ever happens to me first thing in the morning if I get the chance to start drifting back off to sleep (which, as the mum of a toddler, I don't get very often!). But it definitely sounds like we're both experiencing the same phenomenon! I’ve been having these too! With the spirituality- I believe that there’s a greater power out there and I’d like to help the people around me and find peace. Good luck to you! It sounds like you’re clairaudient, you can probably also do automatic writing since your hand was vibrating.

Research these two abilities and give yourself some time to learn. Good luck with your communications It's entities communicating with you. They use the ringing to tell you you're not losing your mind or get your attention. Try asking who they are. You don't need to speak out loud. You're experiencing them speaking to you through telepathy.  Sometimes headphones with music on can help differentiate the telepathy from auditory sounds. Just wait until you can hear the rotation of the earth, then go listen to space recordings of it.. it's a trip.

Welcome to the world of extra-sensory 😅 recently i’ve had this, everyday almost every moment. but the other stranger thing i’ve noticed is the amount of people that are experiencing the same thing. as ir it were an awakening of some sort. oor something else, like 5G towers or the vax. im 100% sure its spiritual tho because each time i get to control the ringing and frequency of it, i feel and see a presence around me. like a spirit. anyone else?? Yes the radio omg it’s annoying. Coincidentally, I just awkwardly told my group of cousins that their father (my 1st cousin) had made it through. Awkward because he passed away by suicide in 2015… but I wanted to tell them because I was so proud. 

I’ll try (so hard) not to ramble, but about *20* years ago I saw a Medium and we ended the session because we weren’t connecting. I couldn’t bridge who he was possibly talking about.. a man with two young girls, a new wife, takes his life and is “not in hell, but essentially stuck in the coat room outside heaven.. like a big party is going on but they’re in time out under the staircase” (o..k, wtf?) Anyway, this and many other examples fell flat regardless of how detailed he was… because he was reading the future spirit of people still alive!

As whacked as that is, his example made a lot of sense to the same thing you’re saying and the same way I’ve parted with energies too. In making my own connections, I would communicate with him from a different place than those ‘above’. It was as if he was in the next room. Then he was gone - and I blamed myself for being too busy/stressed, etc. There was silence for about three weeks, until my uncle passed away at 95. His brilliant turquoise energy was ‘up’ and dancing around the same day he passed (which was weird and strange for me!) and after a few days I asked him to check on my cousin. As if he was the same old uncle hiding a quarter behind a kids ear, the blue light faded before bursting back alongside a leaf-green fireworks, a color I hadn’t seen before. (If you’re still reading, I have a normal life and job and recognize how insane I sound). I knew immediately that it was my cousin. The bursts of light were the such an undeniable presence. I looked around, rubbed my eyes, cried, and it went on for 30 minutes. I don’t have a ton of stories like this, I’d say it’s in my top 5 of “holy shit this is really happening, huh?” 

I had hardly a fraction of that level of connection since March, and in a way, has reinforced the idea that it was salute of sorts. Like hey, thanks for the thoughts and prayers, I made it. (lol) Thinking of something sounds very like Claircognisance. It’s certainly the way I experience it, although we’re all different. I get a random thought unconnected to whatever I was doing or thinking at the time in a very calm emotionless almost matter of fact way, Sounds like dream precognition. I have a different question do you have masters or spiritual guides? I talk to mine sometimes in my dreams. someone recommended me this on this sub last week.. i have the same issue and i want to try to get more in touch with my abilities and have heard meditation works wonders but being anxious too is hard for me to put it in practice and wanted tips on how to do it.

“i would recommend mindfulness meditation to start. it seems like one of the harder ones but it was the most influential in my experience. essentially set a timer, start for say 3 minutes, and practice sitting in silence watching your thoughts. the goal is to watch your thoughts- try not to dive into them or start thinking about them. detach from them. let them pass. listen to what’s happening around you. feel yourself breath. be as present as possible. if you find yourself latching onto a thought and thinking about something, simply let it go and come back to the present. it can be hard at first and feel very uneasy, but doing this daily will quite literally change your life. the awareness you gain from this meditation allows you to feel, see, and hear psychic messages more often and more clearly. try it for at least a week and see if letting your thoughts pass without latching onto them gets easier. if so, up your time. if not, lmk and i’ll give you some other tips.” You need rituals/a ritual that will give you:
- grounding
- protection
- charging

Find or create one that resonates with you and aim to do it everyday. 

You also need a systematic way to explain and understand the experiences you are having. Do you believe the soul is part of the self or seperate? Do you believe the future is determined or flexible? Do you think these messages come from an outside source or an internal one? Answering these questions then testing them will give you more confidence in what you are experiencing. 

I'd also suggest therapy or another sort of mental health service to work on any traumas if you feel you have any buried deep within. Trauma is like sticky gunk on a tuning fork, a small amount is okay but even a little can lower your vibration and effect the clarity of what you receive. Clearing trauma is always advised in psychic work. Could be a mix of both. Not unusual. Most importantly I hope you learned to shield and set boundaries. Don’t automatically obey every spirit who talks to you. It’s ok to defy them. My intuition comes in as my thoughts. I have the same thing happen where I'll wake up, and I'll just know, and I'll think "Someone's about to knock on the door, they're coming in."

I think its like, we receieve divine knowledge from a higher power, and we translate it into our thoughts. Do you trust the voice? Does it make you feel scared? 

I've learned to seperate all my thoughts, good and bad. If there was a negative entity speaking to me, I'd know right away it was negative and those thoughts would get sent straight to the junk bin. But 9 times out 10, it is in fact just my higher self. I’ve had this same thing happen only a few times. It’s a voice in my head that is not mine. I’ve felt like each time it’s been my spirit guide. It happened the moment I got pregnant, I heard “your life is going to change forever”. Looking back it did, I ended up going through a rare diagnosis and miscarriage at 14 weeks. Before going into the hospital I was worked up and really nervous. I heard in my head 3 different times “you need to be brave” and it actually calmed me down. I could tell this was not coming from me. Strangest sensation… If you haven't been doing work to connect with your guides, it may be time to start that.  Most of the time I approach them to talk, in meditation and occasionally in dreams, but every once in a while they do get on the internal PA system like this.  Particularly with that "don't get up", if I heard that it would probably mean I was right on the edge of the appropriate meditative state to connect and communicate but my ADHD's got me popping up out of it to do some random thing. You can be both actually. I know some pretty neurotic psychics lol. We are only human. Perhaps you can try meditation to achieve a calmer state. Deep breathing exercises may help too. When you are able to control your anxiety and frustration you should be able to hear your intuition better. I think we are all psychic, to varying degrees. It's more a matter of recognizing and analyzing those messages for keys and then having confidence in the message. I've had psychic experiences my entire life.  Mostly in the form of prophetic dreams and I absolutely cannot control this gift. I've heard voices too but usually I wasn't able to make out words. I got to the point where I ignore the mumbling noise. It is usually so minimal that it doesn't warrant my time or emotion. I feel like your spirit guide responded while also letting you know they don't appreciate being "commanded" to do parlor tricks. Maybe next time humbly ask them for a hug 🥰❤️ I do this when I really really need it and I always feel their weight wrap around me I do not think a guide would touch you on command.  Your guides would not ever hurt you either. If anything hurt you, it could have been another type of entity. Unfortunately there isn't good without the bad. 

I suggest having a reiki session to clear stagnant energy around you and align your chakras. Then search for a guided meditation on YouTube. With practice and patience, you will be able to communicate with the other side. I would say to start with trying to communicate with your spirit animal totem to start. They are always with you. Was there anything special about your sitting/laying position? Could this have been caused one way or another? Where was your mental focus? Was your mind in your hand as you asked certain things? I can make myself ache with certain thoughts. You've been smote for your wickedness. Your guides are evil and that arm will rot and eventually fall off. 

What do you people actually think??? Do you WANT to be terrorized by your higher power? So hard to tell if you people aren't trolling.

Your arm was probably completely unrelated. Your guides won't interact on the physical plane, you have to BELIEVE, and LISTEN that's the point. They probably don't appreciate being commanded to touch you, that's weird. The first one is a healer, plain and simple, but that's not really how things work ... unless that's how you want to play it.  I can't say you won't have some unexpected repercussions from it.  You do you.

The second is what every person practicing with these energies should be doing, which is to create wards and/or shields.  

Being a healer is more "specialized," so to speak, but only because to be extremely efficient and effective, you need a long time to develop the skills.  I don't mean necessarily in one lifetime but rather in real terms.  A person who is a highly skilled healer has developed those skills on a path as part of their soul development. 

It appears that you're thinking about becoming a sort of paranormal dynamic duo, am I right? 

Resources can be found within.  You have to learn what's there before you go anywhere outside. It's called being a "projective Empath".  It's not rare but not as common as receptive empathic ability. What you describe as the opposite of an empath, is exactly how I experience empathy. I don't just "absorb" the energy, I *transmute* it and send it back as light. 


As for the ability to expand your energy outward in a protective way, I'm not sure it's a separate ability. I've only experienced this a few times, but it only happens when I am in immediate danger and I seem to do it automatically without any need for effort. It's like my energy pushes outward from me in all directions and NOTHING can enter it. Almost like an impenetrable force field around yourself. You can pull another being directly into this field, for their protection as well. Each time I have done this outward push of energy, I have felt compelled to get the eff out of dodge immediately after. To me, it feels more like an escape method, not a battle method. Wow! I sure wish I were YOU.
F! I'd LOVE to be you! 
🤯😭🤯🫂🤯😭🤯❗❗❗❗❗❗❗

Well, I HAVE heard of this, and it HAD a name, but this was like back in the 80's when I was a little kid and it was from entertainment; so as for complete correctness, not so much I figure.

I gotta ask how did this happen? Were you BORN like this, Meditate your way into this? Have an NDE or something? Honestly you could be! I’m not sure if you’ve heard of this term, but it seems like you’re having prophetic dreams. I tend to get them once in a blue moon, but definitely start keeping a dream journal and writing down these dreams, that’s what I do There's a funny concept in Kdramas, which may or may not be part of their culture (I have no idea) that your ancestors can send you those winning lottery numbers.  See Mystic Pop-up Bar on Netflix.  It was amusing.

Start meditating and keeping a journal of these things.  I wish I had but I'm now four decades in and haven't got the patience for such things.  Fortunately, I'm blessed with a rather great memory so it's only a loss if I should be asked for proof.  Fortunately again, I don't care to prove anything to anyone else. It's just this innate, certain feeling. Hard to describe. You just know. But if you are confused or have doubts then that's not your intuition. It's a conviction. [deleted] i get a hunch then read body language and think and then get this gut feeling like something isn’t right or i get this moon energy like theres things that haven’t been revealed yet It feels like clarity, like clean water. 
Sometimes I feel it in my fingers. I'll get a pain and know. 
Other times I think a spirit is screaming at me "No" and I hear it. I feel it as a counter/clockwise flow of movement in my heart chakra Body. Yes makes my heart beat faster, no feels like a void. Like an epiphany the vast majority of the time. The answer 'pops' into my mind and I'm instantly sure of its correctness. 

I have at times, also had a physical sensation right above my left ear. Thanks for sharing, guys! 💕 The feeling I get for confirmation is  a“ stop you in your tracks” feeling. It’s almost as if a cop is saying stop right there & you stop. I also am clairaudient, so I can hear yes or no from spirit or my guides. But they also show me the  “why” part as well. The “why” is followed by a message or a visual for me. 

For instance, if someone asks “Will my ex-boyfriend come back?”
I will hear a “No” & then feel a sensation that’s a gut feeling or the “stop you in track feeling” to confirm the  “No”. I will ask “yes” & I will hear “No” again and that gut feeling comes back again to confirm. 

After that, the reason why will appear and I will get a vision of the situation or spirit says something and I also feel the emotions of the people while the vision or message is being given to me simultaneously. Now I’m insanely curious…what is this thing Are you looking for someone to take it off your hands anywhere ? Or are you just looking for recommendations of occult museums that can take it of your hands that aren’t overseas? If it has specific cultural significance maybe even a history museum may look after it In my experience any psychic I have gone to has told me that their reading is what will happen IF I continue on the same path, making the same choices, don’t change anything, etc. Our actions have consequences. I think this was more of a warning to your boyfriend that he needs to take his physical and mental health seriously and work on figuring out those issues. I think him choosing to ignore these issues is the current path he is on that will lead him to this “early death”. The outcome is not set in stone depending on the action he takes. Of course that is just my opinion and my belief on the way predictions work but it’s something I’ve heard from others with that gift as well. On a side note I think it was pretty shitty of that lady to word it so terribly bluntly and could have just warned him of his health. My sister got a psychic reading almost two years ago that said she would be in a car accident, in April 2022. That would've been last month. Guess who's just fine. Lol.

Don't ever let anyone project death or major illness, onto you. That's no good psychic. That's someone who needs to learn to see brightness in their own future. Sounds like this person has some pretty poor boundaries. I'm sorry your boyfriend is going through it. You, too. Pretty fucked up, in my opinion! Pardon the language. Can't say I'm crazy about your friend's mother. Once boundaries got out the window, you can't trust a thing that a person says.

Source: Someone who has given psychic readings for years, and has met many, many talented, ethical readers :\^) I've also met some people with terrible boundaries, jeez, who I wouldn't recommend to anybody... Definitely consult a medical doctor but I also recommend seeing a skilled reiki / quantum healer to address the "pain" on an energetic plane. All things, as vibration, exist in more subtle dimensions before they manifest in 3D. This is very general advice so please take w a grain of salt. But if he were to address this immediately (!) there could be progress to be made. 

Emotional healing is a very personal process so it would have to be entirely his choice. Considering he came into this world as a young child with the pain you describe, it's likely that his soul has carried it from past incarnations. It's imperative to understand that should he ignore the emotional work that needs to be addressed, it will only follow him into the next incarnation. But again, at the end of the day it is his decision. 

Everybody should learn to grow comfortable w the notion of death. Whether through a creeping illness or a sudden accident it's a fate we will all meet. We came here as souls and will leave as souls. 

The nature of love (or God) is unconditional and everlasting - it transcends space and time. It is infinitely more powerful than the fleeting fear and pain we experience during our time here. Find your peace, flow, release, forgive, and heal No tarot reader or psychic can tell someone’s death. She’s misreading the signs. Relax, take a breath and consider what the message truly meant. Not a death impending.

Source: I myself have suffered in imaginable psychological pain.  Gonna try to live a happy long life. If there is a serious concern of self harm a mental health professional would be best. It can take a while to find the right method and fit but it’s better to address this sooner than later. Any psychic that sets out to do harm in this world, or tries to change the events of Source isn't worth their salt. It's egocentric behavior. I carry psychic gifts, some people hold those dark clouds but it's not my place to say anything. I'd put undue stress on the other person and allow them to engage in an endless battle with Great Spirit. I'm not going to carry that burden. I just had heart surgery on a valve. I hand been ignoring going to the doctor for 5 years, just went year ago and they confirmed a heart disease. So, yeah, go in and get checked out. Most major fatal heart problems can be fixed with about a 1% chance of fatality, which is about the same chance you will die every year. Just take him to the hospital and see what they say about his heart and then go from there Just in case get his affairs in order and go enjoy life!!! It is our duty to share when we receive a message about someone. They may not believe you completely but maybe they go to a cardiologist (in this case). When she told him, was he apprehensive/worried, or relieved? Wait did you say he’s felt this way since 6 years old! It’s obvious that he has issues that he needs to address from a past life. When issues, feelings, and thoughts from a past life or even past lives go unresolved they can be carried on in this life and it will manifest in different ways. I high highly suggest checking past life regression and going to several past life regression therapists. I know some people think it’s impossible to regress into a past life, but even if the details of the past life you are regressing are incorrect your soul is generally pretty good at tapping into past life traumas and feelings and that’s all that matters. I remember watching a video of a lady on tiktok who does past life regression and she was working with someone who experience depression for a long long time and wasn’t responding to treatment through meds and therapy. When the lady did the past life regression it helped heal her depression and so many other anxieties she had. It helped to explain trauma she experienced in this life. 

Check on mallorie shannon’s videos on tiktok. She also does remote regression. I don’t have experience with it myself but I’d love to get a reading done on myself in the future. There’s also other people who do regression. Dr. It's pretty much all interpretations of symbols, to start with.

Also if you were paying, customers generally want to hear the ex is coming back so there is some pressure to say it.  No matter that this almost never works out in real life, is generally a terrible idea, therapists hate it, and people should move forward through their lives and not backwards, it's the answer you want.  And I don't think it's just the reader BS'ing you, I think if you're sitting there desperately wanting to hear it, you're going to affect the energy of the reading, plus you're not asking the reader to read YOU exactly, you're asking them to tell you what someone else is going to do.

And that person a) isn't there contributing their energy to the reading b) has free will.  And they have their own path they're meant to walk in life that is also generally meant to go forward and not back.

Readers are doing the best they can with what they're given to work with.  It's much easier to reach information about what has already happened, and for a lot of readers the very near future is fairly attainable.  But none of us get a written-in-stone guaranteed newsfeed from the future because the future is fungible and is entangled with so so so many threads of fate and free will - including some much bigger threads than just two random people.

I always warn people that it's a bad sign if you're asking multiple readers the same query.  It's probably time to move on from that expectation and concentrate more on how you can attract the best possible relationship for you and what to look for as signposts on that path, rather than trying to find out what one specific person is going to do. The future is not set in stone, everyone involved can change the collective path based on a ton of factors. The energies right now have everyone moving very quickly too, meaning things are even more subject to change.
(As a side, my friend, who is not a practiced psychic, got a psychic gig and the first thing she was told was “if anyone asks about their ex the answer is always yes, they’re coming back”) Life is complicated and circumstances change depends on the thing that is being predicted. Predicting future changes timelines, but that doesn't mean the same events don't happen.

For example if you(accurately) predicted a tsunami, obviously that would be set in stone (you won't change the tectonic plates). Or a certain political event. Getting sick in 2 days would be pretty set (incubation period > 2 days)But in the less extreme, people who are receiving information from a psychic are given small amounts of information that may not adequately deviate from a predicted timeline. And also you don't have control over environment even with the predictions which can be problematic

In broad general (and what seems to be the case here), you can have a lot of control by knowing the probability or elements of the future and it's best to think you can choose an optimal future path.

Additionally, a lot of people have influence on the future (either by you involving them, or them having precognition or them being influenced indirectly by your deviation in the timeline) which complicates creating a set path since everyone is involved (too complicated to fully predict).

In this case it's somewhat concerning they don't have a consistent answer and aren't pointing out the level of certainty of their answers, so most of them probably don't have a good method to determine a good answer to that question (they likely aren't seeing enough nuances in the possible timelines to give an accurate answer).

And even if they get accurate info, predicting the future is something very different so the seemingly best may be wrong.

&#x200B;

Pretty much you should take the actions you think is best

Edit: formatting When you look at a picture and describe it, you may see things someone else does not.

Think of two people looking at the same picture, and the describing it to a third (you).

Now imagine if both those people have a different set of colours they can see, which changes the entire tapestry of what they are looking at. As far as I can tell, the future is fluid. Timelines can flow beside each other, cross over at certain points, run together for a bit, and then split again. Can't really know what path you're on until the important stuff happens. I've had many similar experiences - there is one psychic who I've been seeing for years who has accurately predicted numerous events in my life (with extremely accurate details, down to names), but other things he has said have never come to fruition (or haven't come to fruition, yet). It still doesn't change my opinion that he is an extremely intuitive and accurate psychic. I think what it comes down to, is that we as human beings have free will, and multiple different paths are being presented to us all the time that we can take. So if we walk down path a, we may get result a, if we walk down path b, we might get result b, and so forth. This particular psychic (and others that I know) also see some things with a higher or lower level of energy or momentum. Meaning, the possibility of one opportunity has a great amount of energy, meaning, this is more than likely to occur, whereas other opportunities sort of flow in and out of your energy field, and you can take it if you wish, but it's not something that I would necessarily consider destined to happen, more as a potential expression of free will. We are living in an eternal now and timelines are constantly changing. Those who are more connected to spirit and have a true will and awakening are harder to predict there timelines because they know how to connect with God and change it. So far, not a single one. If they’re vague, they’re not legit. And sadly, 99.999% of psychics “selling” their services are scammers. 

Just think…if they are legit, why aren’t they already millionaires? Why do they need your $50? Why don’t they know which stocks will continuously rise?

I always test psychics with things I know. No one has even been right, except one person who I just kind of ran into and they don’t sell or advertise that they’re psychic. If you follow the testing method, a legit psychic won’t be dismissive of you. First of all, if you know the future, how do you not know the present? 

Just somethings to think about. I hope you don’t fall into this psychic scamming train. I was burned years ago. Thousands of dollars in debt. You can become addicted. I, too, started reading from general curiosity. But then I took their advice and bullshit, fake visions and ruined my life. Don’t let scammers cloud your judgment. If they were real, they’d have their life in order and wouldn’t be waiting for customers all day. There's many ways people can act predatorial towards others and "extract" from their victims to seemingly enrich themselves. I would take this warning as advice to be aware of anyone that may take advantage, emotionally, socially or financially. Google New Orleans vampires there’s a huge community there. *There are actual vampires in NOLA.* 

She could also be talking about spiritual vampires (those who want to spiritually and emotionally drain you). Likely she was talking about the real ones though. As for not being able to “see” them, she may mean that they look like ordinary people passing by. As someone who lives in New Orleans, everyone is pretty open and talkative. Which is a bit of a cultural shock at first. It takes a while to learn discernment and figure out who is just trying to manipulate you. Drinking is a big thing here and that definitely fogs the vision a bit. Once I stopped drinking I had way less vampire encounters Energy suckers man .. those are the worst !!! Energy vampires. I wonder if she sensed your dynamic in your family and that aspect of you.  I feel like we can tun from one toxic situation anx it can cone up in our lives where ever we go because there is something for us to release.  Its a cycle until you heal what life wants you to.  Thats just my take on it.  But its possible you still carry that karma so to speak and thats what she sensed.  But i guess she was pretty specific about the familiar 🤔 Yeah there are vampires. They are rarely a physical being though, more like a parasitic ghost.

I suppose it’s possible some of these vampiric spirits have cult-like followings of human “familiars” to collect blood or energy for them. Haven’t heard much about it but many powerful spirits can influence people.

There’s a great book: Vampires the Occult Truth by Konstantinos, it lays it all out. Actual walking corpse physical vampires are apparently rare but not out of the question. I think the vampiric spirit can get powerful enough to reanimate its body or possess another.

Anyways check out the book it’s great. Good luck out there! I think I received a similar message from a reading about moving to NOLA too. The reader just said it differently, but energetically to me it’s the same. He said: don’t associate with people who are still very attached to their ego. (Ego-maniacs)

I understood the energy of what he said, because my parents are both ego-maniacs and I was a little sad to connect to it to the people I had already met in town. At the time I really didn’t know how to differentiate a truly caring person and someone pretending to be caring and it’s actually taken a few years of trial and error to get it. If you feel exhausted or euphoric (extremes) after interacting with them, they are not truly caring. Truly mutually beneficial connections have the benefit happen simultaneously and it usually feels very calming and fulfilling. It is not, I do this for you and then you pay me back in the way I have decided you pay me back. loets of living entities in NOLA for sure, as well as underground vampire communities. I dont think they go out & target people but you can sell ur blood (I know this cuz a friend of mine sold his blood to vampires once.) However there is a ton of spiritual warfare going on down there. & def predators, but also amazing people as well. She’s warned you about Lestat Why didn't you ask her this question, can I ask 🤔?

Is there a way to clarify with her?

For me it is always better to clarify with the person who said the message than with other people. A lot gets lost in translation. It seems she had a specific message for you and here is a little bit of exploration/indagation in the comments...

I hope your move goes very well!! Energetic vampires. NOLA and pretty much Louisiana as a whole is a big ‘weak spot’ in the portal/veil. Celebrities Did you ask for clarification/did she offer any? I was thinking vampires as more of energy drainers. People who suck your energy. But then they said you’d only be able to see their familiars and now I’m just as confused as you OP 😂 be careful out there! Dark energy in Nola. I would not recommend living there. She didn’t mean blood sucking vampires. It’ll suck your positive energy out of you. I’ve experienced it every time I go there. That’s why I don’t go anymore Are you open to sharing your psychic’s information? Does she have a business to contact? If not I understand, it’s just that I’ve been meaning to find someone who is pet say legit and knowledgeable in that area. I trust you've subscribed to r/Louisiana and are aware of how things are moving politically in that state?  You definitely need to be extremely careful in every single possible way there.

My family has a long and very deep history there but I wouldn't and won't set foot there for love or money. Watch out for the Pig People also Energy vampires im assuming Can you dm her info Your psychic loved the show "True Blood". Yay! Welcome to our pretty city. Definitely join r/NewOrleans it’s hilarious but also a good source of local issues. We do have vampires here and it’s always wise to shield and have a good BS meter. But the city is also very friendly and welcoming, so please don’t assume everyone’s terrible. It’s the south so you’ll find yourself in all sorts of random conversations with locals, the majority of these interactions being magical in the best ways. I’ve always found the city to be profoundly magical and my experience is that the city provides exactly what you need/deserve. The karma here seems instantaneous at times, so watch out for that, and the magic is very old. People either love it or hate it. They don’t mean the blood sucking vampires!they just mean the vampires that suck the good emotions out of you! New Orleans is a place with great energy. I'm sure she meant to watch out for those who feed on people's energy and leave them with dark or negative energy. sounds like referencing to The Originals show about the vampires For what it's worth; Not all psychics are legit and legit psychics are not always 100% correct. So decide for yourself what to take from that. Be smart, be safe and always practice psychic protection. 💜 Years ago psychics would make a tape of sessions so you can reflect back on your reading. Sometimes you are given a lot of information and if you stop to think hard about just one element of what’s said you will miss a link. Next time ask for a taping and/ or if you can use your phone to record sessions. You need to get in touch with her to get clarification of your reading… it does you no good if you don’t understand what she was saying and/ or implying. Some readers charge a hefty sum for readings and I’m sure you want your money’s worth. 

You shouldn’t have to guess and/ or have other people interpret what a reader told you, you deserve to get a official and accurate reading that’s chrystal clear to you! The mind is narrative, Spirit is simple. If what’s happening in your head is a whole story or a linear thought-out process, that’s likely your mind. If it’s a complete & instant “Knowing”, an emotion, or one or two words, that’s likely Spirit/intuition. Have the mindset that your other clairs are developing and your claircognizance is your strongest Clair. I also share this problem but when I started to change my mind set I've been noticing static, floaters which indicates my clairvoyance is developing and I also have started to have ringing in my ears. Just keep practicing and everything will fall into its place easily. To put it very simply, your intuition or intuitive messages will be a light to tap on the door, whereas your own thoughts and fears will be a bang on the door. If it’s loud, it’s probably not your intuition. That’s how I see it A message should feel like a rudimentary thought form that comes more quickly and consciously. You then interpret that with what question you had. Meditation, sleep mask and ear buds.

Obviously you won't be sleeping but when I meditate I use ear buds or I use headphones and listen to meditating music so I block out any thoughts or sounds  that may distract me. don't need to lose focus on whats around. Concentrate. the sleep mask I've been using helps me see things behind my eyelids or in my minds eye. Including faces. Well, sure environment has an affect on our mental, emotional, physical and spiritual development.  That said, it's hard to say what affect various environments would have on someone.  Sometimes adversity makes people more psychically open whether or not being psychic equates with one's spirituality is pretty individualistic though. People are complete products of their environments. I do mean 100%. So, yes. I don't know what your goals are, but one of the biggest environmental negative influences on children (besides parents) are school systems. In many ways, but primarily influences from peers. I've been to a few different school districts, the smaller ones always seemed much better (though poorer and likley less educational), the peers are better. Cities… I think it depends on the situation. But being able to sink really deep into relaxed meditation helps. Shamanic journeying and obe's help.And it takes practice to discern what's really there and what your mind wants to invent.

Maybe start with shamanic journeying. There are guided meditations on Youtube to help with that.   
Then try obe's.   
Everything is energy and we're all connected. I really believe anyone can remote view with enough practice.  


Good luck! Not sure but this might help r/remoteviewing Try and imagine you're in a white room and there's a door. Ask whatever and open the door. Do not think and allow the picture to come. Or you don't even need to imagine a white room. It's quite an easy method and quick. Lookup Monroe institute gateway project. I believe the cia research into this was part of the remote viewing programs. Memorys a bit fuzzy There was a type of remote viewing where you could look out of someone elses eyes thousands of miles away. It takes the skill of the host person though, they are professionaly trained and the link you in via a form of hynotism. Yes!!! Thank you for typing “remote viewing” I have been wanting to research this for 2 weeks and I could not for the life of me remember what it was called.  🤣👍 You ever hear that saying about not being on the same wavelength as other people?   

Or have those friends of friends you just can’t get seem to really ‘click’ with? You’ve got the same friends, same interests, same sense of humour, and in theory you should get along like a house on fire too, and yet….you just don’t 

We aren’t all on the same wavelength! It happens when giving readings too, some people you just can’t read, for absolutely no good reason at all, it just doesn’t happen. Life is just like that. Some people are naturally more defensive (and naturally better at mentally shielding & blocking others), some people work at blocking others, illness both physical and mental can block it, tiredness and stress do, being over emotional can do massively. On either or both sides. Sometimes it’s a temporary thing, sometimes it’s more permanent but some people just aren’t on your wavelength and you just aren’t on theirs. Hope you guys are having fun. Spirit are everywhere and near you all the time. I can record them in any cemetery,  public places like retail outlets, hospitals, and many homes. etc. Most are ghosts (stuck for some reason) but some may also be from the light. Any being telling you an exact future is either in a deception themselves or trying to trick you. Maybe both.

You might be able to make an educated guess based on patterns you’re seeing but there’s no way to know exactly what will happen in the future. That’s the nature of the chaotic energy of the universe. Makes things more exciting. Seeing the same numbers frequently is a synchronicity, and a lot of the time they will appear when you are thinking abou/feeling something in order to tell you something about it, such as that you are on the right track, etc. I believe 777 is a good sign, and I’d recommend you to look up something like “angel number 777” or “777 synchronicity meaning”. A definition of synchronicity is, “an event of spiritual significance that ask us to momentarily dampen our self-obsession and consider the possibility of the divine. Synchronistic experiences leave us with a curious sense that we should pay attention.”

As for the dreams and the voice in your head, they are most likely precognitive dreams, which are basically dreams that predict the future. You should definitely keep a dream journal if you aren’t already. Most of my precognitive dreams are about events that happen between right when I wake up to when I fall asleep the next day, though some can be about events months from when I had the dream. Although, if the warnings are about really bad things happening and making you feel scared or depressed, etc, then it may be a negative entity that is going into your dreams. As to where the voice comes from if it really is precognitive, it’s your subconscious/your higher self, although none of my precognitive dreams have downright told me in words what it is, so it might be a spirit guide/benevolent entity for some reason. Id say listen to them 777.. is mostly from my side yeah Compared to average people, you sound very unburdened and free; even just how vividly you can do this while in a conscious state is above average. Many people might have blockages put in place by others, at least according to my recent research, and some people are troubled by spirits doing unwanted things to them.

I've wanted to be able to meditate in peace without sudden intrusions created by other beings, let alone see through my mind's eye clearly enough; yet things can often be staticky. And my greatest dream has been to imagine my own realities similar to how you described, however that's very difficult for me to do consciously. I have seen beings and practiced telepathy with them. Can do it with certain people, some people are like bricks.

Most people who hear me just smile, some have told me they aren't supposed to talk about it. Pretty interesting to practice telepathy with someone and then have them respond verbally as well.

Have also noticed some people's eyes have certain odd qualities, when they appear to me others freak out when they see me - think they can see my aura or whatever as well.

One person whose eyes appeared blue - white dots all over, looked at me and said "you're not supposed to be here" and ran away. 

One person saw floating candy that one of these people gave to me before. I decided not to eat the candy.


Can I see otherworldly entities or something? Lovely. Let's make mediumship (and the world's information flow in general) more efficient:

Traditional mediumship is inefficient because the medium can only connect one person and one spirit at one time. Most people don't know how to get information directly, and the number of practising mediums is small. Let's instead drag people into this newly constructed place where they can send or perceive spiritual information better. Now more people can get connected at the same time and one person communicating to multiple people at once is possible. And unlike traditional mediumship, the entire sensory stream is available for connection.

Enjoy what the world should be like. I want to be pulled into the astral 🙋‍♀️ lol
But also, you might enjoy r/astreality they do fun astral meetup projects you would LOVE. They just had a easter egg hunt on their island for spring! Where they leave objects and others go and try to find them and guess what they left and where. You might even be able to be a huge asset to their events with your AP helper gifts. 

Here is their island: 
[Astrealitys Hoclaros Island ](https://www.reddit.com/r/Astreality/comments/qseh3z/updated_hoclaros_map/?utm_medium=android_app&utm_source=share)
& The Sigil to draw for the portal entrance:
[Island Portal Sigil](https://www.reddit.com/r/Astreality/comments/hp16v1/cleaner_version_of_ukkbolitos_hoclaros_sigil/?utm_medium=android_app&utm_source=share)

The second subreddit that has a location meet up is:

r/AstralArmy 
&their Portal Sigil and location info is:
[AstralArmy Portal Sigil](https://www.reddit.com/r/AstralArmy/comments/7iozi7/how_to_get_to_our_location/?utm_medium=android_app&utm_source=share) Yes.

One time a woman was trying to take my job. At the time I was her boss. I sent her to another state to do some training with an office we had there. A tree fell on her car. The next time she was in a different state, and she got food poisoning. She was stuck in the hotel for three days. She quit.

Things like that happen with me all the time. 

You just have to remember not to be happy about it, don’t celebrate their loss. That would be against Karma. Not sure if it's the same as this but when I feel really angry and disturbed due to someone hurting me or saying mean things, it seems to affect them. I once lent some money to a friend/co-worker inspite of his bad history of repaying the money on time because he was almost begging me to give him money. He didn't return the money at the time he promised. Later, he left the job and when I contacted him about the money, he started to abuse me and said mean things. I felt very disturbed for days thinking this is what I get for helping someone in need. After getting back at him, he did promise to pay the money back soon but that was again a lie. I also got to know that he took money from one of my other friends who I had lent money to on the pretext of giving it back to me but he never did. This infuriated me a lot, I had a lot of negative feelings and anger towards him. Later when I tried to get in touch with him, I got to know that he died in an accident! The person I spoke with also sent me a photo as proof of him being dead in the accident and tbh the accident seemed to be pretty bad. I have a pure heart and feel that if someone tries to mess up with it, I have the ability to curse that person. Listen, wait, just be open. I ask questions. I take directions.

I meditate I will say from my experience. It was a bit hard at first. I tried to do automatic writing but it was a bit tricky. But it got better later on as my heart chakra cleared up more. The first I channeled is my on and off partner's higher self. I meditated and tried to asked his higher self "Allow me to feel your energy".... thus I did and I tried not to think and just let the thoughts come out. Some of these beings had very powerful energy, like it could break open my body as most these were from a higher place. It's just possession in a way but you are in control and can kick them out. Now I don't really do it much these days. Just simple telepathy and reading their energy to know if they are who they say they are. There is a similarity that all channelers share, beside being the Creator, they all meditate. 

Some channeler may take days or years for conditioning to takes its place. While in meditation, while the intellect is silent, the desire to channel start taking place, there is a pressure in the jaw, the body tends to move automatically, one starts to feel like one is reading a book, concepts are being impressed slowly. There will be a pressure in the backnof the head, in the cerebellum, because the higher self or a higher being its sending a narrow band frequency of thoughts, it is the entrance point of conditioning. 

There has to be a desire and intent to serve the One Infinite Creator. This desire is an impetus, a driving force. Avail the self to the Creator within and this shall take place. All in meditation. What does channeling mean to you? Is it a flow of energy or information? Is it allowing another spirit to borrow your body? These things can happen. Mind over matter is a reality. Unfortunately most of us are unaware how powerful are we are.

John I have, I personally could do telekinesis, but I haven't figured out how I do it yet. When my mom gets spooked from a show or anything her tv and devices act strangely with weird screen tears and pauses to a complete shutoff, I try not to let her watch spooky stuff now. Yeah I get this a lot but it mainly makes things fall over or fly about. The other day my girlfriend came to check at me at work because paintings kept falling of the wall and I’d been having an awful day Around the time of my extreme psychic awakening I felt energy or something shoot out of my body in all directions and it make the bed of the mental institution I was in squeak and wiggle and the room shook slightly. This happened twice in about a 10 min period. Hasn't happened years since. Years ago I would walk into a room and the light blows out. Happened like 4-5 times hasnt happened in a while. This post just made me remember That’s cool af! I don’t do that but I once had an electric swoosh suddenly go through my head and the power went completely out! I also asked my spirit guides to prove they were real and asked them to set of my fire alarm and they did within seconds, months later I asked again bc I was seriously doubting and they set it off AGAIN -within seconds! I also feel spirits around me and touch me several times a week. It’s wild [deleted] It’s kus everything is energy including our emotions so that is why it influences everything else around us A long time ago, but was fighting with my mom and a lightbulb literally flickered & fizzled out in our house. Did you know that telekinesis is totally real scientifically speaking?

It's just almost impossible to replicate or control especially under scientific observation.

But telekinesis itself has ben well documented even in animals for many years. Unfortunately, it's almost impossible to control (in the state of today's science). It's a natural phenomenon that usually happens *unconsciously*.

It does happen. We just don't know how. Hahahahahahahaha [removed] Kind of. My tv freezes. sounds like a super-normal ability that can be honed.. I believe its possible Yeah...lights, radios, anything involving cell phone towers.

One time I told my friend how I could turn speakers and lights off and on from across the room. He said I was a witch and if I did it again he'd stop talking to me.Also I come from a conservative Christian background...so I took that as a sign that I shouldn't mess with energy like that. I haven't tried it since.

But yea, intense moods definitely affect the world around me.Everything is energy so it makes sense.. I will explain but anyway, nobody will give a damn about it  so... yawn... We’re all different so if you don’t get that gut feeling, that’s okay, you may just receive information differently and not be aware what your ‘tells’ are, for want of a better word. 

Personally, I find intuition is cool, detached, calm and unemotional, very matter of fact, but anxiety is quite urgent, it’s emotional and repetitive. Intuition (unless I’m actively performing a reading and wanting to tune into it deliberately) is just a thought that appears from nowhere, there’s no train of thought or no discernible track where that that thought came from. Anxiety has a trail. 

If I’m painting and decorating I may be thinking about laying dust sheets, checking my brushes, getting the scissors and masking tape so if suddenly from nowhere I have a matter of fact thought that my neighbours cat is stuck in a shed across the road, that’s intuition. I wasn’t thinking about the neighbour or the cat, I wasn’t thinking anything remotely connected to them, the thought just crashed into my head. There’s no emotion in that thought, although my emotion will follow after the thought when I’m panicking for the cat!

If that thought wasn’t about the cat or the neighbour, say it was a thought I’d kick the paint over and ruin the carpet, that’s anxiety. I was thinking about decorating, my mind is focused on it so I can see a clear train of thought that would lead me to the anxious thought. It’s a panicking kind of thought and it repeats screaming in my head. Anxieties are often fear based. Intuition isn't based on fear. Its more of a knowing instead of beign afraid.

Over time youwill learn how to discern those two better. Intuition is more of a flash. 
Anxiety is more intrusive. 
Dunno if that makes sense. 🤷🏼‍♀️ Intuition for me is just knowing.
Anxiety makes me indecisive.

If I question it and I'm unsure: anxiety.
If I question it and I still feel like it's true/right/going to happen: intuition.

I'm like you, very detached. No emotion to my intuition. So that's why I also cognitively analyze it to tell the difference.

The times it is a feeling it's a flowing blanaced feeling. Anxiety feels stressed, rushed and "bumpy". Haha Completely normal. Third eye in particular is very sensitive and many people like you will instantly feel pressure here. If you continue you are working on your third eye and opening it.

Yes you should continue even if its uncomfortable unless you start getting headache and also don't forget to work on your lower chakras first. They tend to be very neglected. If you ever hear instructions to harm yourself or another, that is psychotic. Psychic attunement is peaceful, uplifting, and supportive. Just don’t go blindly fallowing the words of something. Much love and peace. But has an actual radio station tuned in to you. It’s scary and overwhelming. If you ever hear voices telling you to harm yourself or another, please seek medical intervention. try to think of it not as good and bad, real or non real, but as phenomena that promote love/truth/happiness or phenomena that promote delusion/anger/desire. there is no clear answer, but you may have other useful thoughts as you ponder the question Two pieces of advice. 1. Practice grounding exercises. This means honoring your current ego and physical body in a healthy way, whether that be through excercise or visualizing energetic roots that connect you to earth. Sometimes, we can get too caught up with the crown/soul connection that it causes dissociation. You may even access information that isn't really meant for you, and that can lead you astray. Balance is key. This will help with the psychosis. 

2. Work on clearing out energy blockages/unbalanced energy centers. Many times, this can be caused by trauma or fear. And this can block the flow of your energy. Everyone channels energy differently, so some people are more affected than others depending on where those blockages are.  Once you do that, your gifts will become much stronger. This is not something that can typically be done in a day. It takes consistent practice. I'm also connected to my higher self and higher than the higher self, source. We're like radios true, but we are are 'it'. It takes practice, time, logic to understand your thoughts more and where it could come from. I read the energy source of the words I gain to know if it's lower vibe or higher vibe, energy vampire like. Just be a good energy reader, understand how it makes you feel, try to see if there's any 'false' light or if it's truly light by finding the the root. What mental illness are you talking about if you don't mind disclosing? start to meditate I have experience with opening my third eye I started meditating 3 days and then one night I felt this pressure right in the middle of my eyebrow and if it gets to much pressure just breathe but if you don’t feel it then keep practicing Before you open your third eye, make sure you are spiritually awakened and balance your lower chakras so that you are grounded and don't get overwhelmed. Looking at your comments, I'm not sure if it's a good idea to open your third eye forcefully without having some solid foundations. These solid foundations are meditation and a belief system, among others. Awakening the third eye will take a toll on your spiritual and mental strength if you are not ready. It's like asking to join a rally race when you haven't even got your driver's license. It's a BIG risk. But you do you. i think the experience of opening your third eye is going to be different and special for each individual, but when it happens you’ll know without a shadow of a doubt. mine almost popped, it felt like i had finally made enough connections in my thinking and something snapped I hope this helps you Avoid tf out of florinated water. It attaches to the pineal gland.  Im always much sharper the less I drink.  Take magnesium citrate as it will help your body remove it. Hey, at least you're not the only weirdo! 👋 Hi, I'm a weirdo in public too.

I don't have answers, I only have solidarity. I really caution against using psychedelics until one can command their focus & will their energy. At the very least, absolutely microdose. 

3D reality envelopes us like an eggshell. It's both a boundary/limitation, as well as a protective sheath. Trauma & spiritual practice both knock at &/or chip away at this boundary. Psychedelics can blow it wide open, allowing consciousness to traverse far past it. But as this crack allows you to go out, it also can allow things to come in. This is the basis of psychic phenomena. People are eager to shatter this line, but experience & wisdom teaches us to love this line, & to develop a pure sensitive subtle state which allows us to sense the vibrations around this line safely. What you term as an awakening, objectively, could be judged as a breakdown.

So if we pad this premise out a bit and go along the timeline to now, what we are witnessing seems to be along the same lines of disassociation. 

Acting 'weird' as you term it would be perceived to me as acting uncontrollably.

I'd say it's a health issue that you've confused with a few different things. Sure you've probably unlocked some different perceptions, but has it been advantageous to you? Doesn't sound like you are either in control or able to interpret the energy in a healthy way.

Am I totally wrong, before your ego downvotes the f out of me? It took me a long time to get comfortable in public. Out of my 7 year journey into spirituality, only in this last year have I finally fortified myself enough to not be moved by other people's energy. 

Most of that came from yeah, healing myself and teaching myself the power of my belief, and how my negative beliefs were manifesting themselves and working against me. Once I figured that out, and started putting positive beliefs in place... Well, I basically feel invincible now. Nobody can stop me, and I'm the master of my reality. 

It's good you feel full of love tho, idk if you believe in God but they love that. If you're open to psychedelics, I 100% recommend using them to find God, or your higher power/guide etc. Last Christmas I was reunited with God during a trip and it really sunk in the truth around me. It also opened my connection and I can hear them much better now, even sober.

Set your intention ahead of time, like a week. Say okay, on this day and this time I will do this psychedelic (I've only tried LSD and shrooms) and make contact with God. Keep that intention in place and think about what you wanna ask, know, experience etc. God appreciates wanting to make contact, so I guarantee you will encounter SOMETHING good if you set that intention. They'll spill all the tea for you, or at least the tea you need in that moment. Just be open to the answers. I am weird in public.  I choose to not care what others think.  So I randomly ask a person.. hey do you know a tall blond with blue eyes.. oh she passed.  Well what is her name.  Oh Janet. Ok well Janet says she is watching over you and that the bills will get paid and stop stressing.  

*Leaves behind a confused, teary eyed cashier and a line of confused people behind me.*

I often see spirits when out in public and have to be polite and cheery while trying to not appear to weird because i have freaked people out by causing a spirit to become visible to family members and others.  It causes alot of interesting conversations.

Plus im a human lie detector. I can tell when salesmen and others are lying to me. same, i totally feel and understand this. waking up is so isolating. Obsidian for protection, my dear. I agree totally with u/fromtheredwoods, I do not use drugs of any kind. I hate them as they "do stuff" to my physical body.  migraine and stuff. I do not use them.  and in your case and position, I would not recommend them either.

In my experience, have you seen dragon ball?  I do that,  I project fire from my manipura chakra (the one in the plexus) and it surrounds me, protecting me and burning everything that comes to me that should not arrive.

Keep meditating, work on your belief system, and you will get there. for sure.  We are all here for you, u/Ok_Argument1174 You can try LSD to heal any past traumas. Worked wonders for me! What do you mean by being "weird" in public? They tell you you’ve got a curse/been hexed/bad juju/negative energy they just so happen to be able to fix…. For a fee of course. 

They contact you out of the blue because ‘they feel drawn to you’. No really, they aren’t and you really aren’t their ‘beloved’ either..,, 

They want your DOB, full name, mothers maiden name, SS or NI number, 3 photographs and inside leg measurements. Asking for ONE of those should suffice for them to anchor to. DOB may result in an astrological or numerology reading, which is okay if that’s what you want, but not really a ‘psychic’ reading. Asking for all that information should be a major red flag. Don’t give any information you aren’t comfortable with, a good reader will understand. And no, don’t ever give you SS, NI or mothers maiden name out. Keep your wits about you. 

Your ‘reading’ costs more than a months rent 

They want to charge you for a cleansing 

They give you an egg/spirit jar/energy water/white cloth/insert any other prop to bring back in a months time so they can ‘review’ whether you need further services. (The original set up is usually free, it’s when you return they use this prop to claim you’re under spiritual attack, demonic presence/bad energies etc)

They try to upsell you crystals/spells/candles. If you really want to buy X after a reading, source the thing yourself. Plenty of people get conned spending way too much money for what are in all honesty pretty painted rocks that should cost pennies

They insist you need more readings or ‘services’ more than once every 6/8 months 

They tell you they can guarantee your future or claim to be 100% accurate 100% of the times. Especially about future predictions

They say they will draw your soul mate

They claim to be able to remove any blockages that is keeping your soulmate away/money away/stopping you being happy

They post offers on the spiritual Reddit subs asking you to ‘comment ME’ below

They want a ‘donation’ before they’re even done a reading for you

They approach you first rather than you contact them (this applies in person as well as online) 

They ask too many questions (asking if you have a sibling then telling you about your relationship with your younger sister is good, asking if you have a sister, then asking if you get on, then asking how you feel about her before declaring ‘you don’t really get on with your sister do you? Not so good. Some questions should be asked for clarity and to ensure your reader is on the right track)

They ‘read’ things that is openly & readily available information online (if you comment asking about a particular cars details on a car sub here, it’s not rocket science to conclude you may be thinking about purchasing that same car!) 

The reading sounds vague enough that you could read it to a few friend and they’d relate exactly to it too. 

Nothing makes sense on the reading, you can’t relate to anything they say and they still insist they’re right and you’re wrong. 

I’ll add more when I think of them! The only thing I would say do is steer clear of spiritualists who have thousands of followers on Twitter (or other mindless apps) who charge hundreds of dollars for things as simple as divination sessions. A LOT of people get turned away from mystical acts simply because of these individuals whose whole existence is fueled by their spirituality hot-takes on an app. 
I offer readings for free. Of course donations are accepted, but I'd never charge someone for asking the divine/universe questions about their life. Especially when in today's society most people don't have any real connection with the unseen. 

If you want to guage someone's legitimacy, ask them where they get their teachings, how they initiated themselves in the belief system, or how they noticed they had psychic abilities. Trust your intuition. More often than not you will be able to sense bs. I mean. The spirits guiding youand/or universe is  always around. I doubt they would lie to a sincere individual looking for assistance. 

✨️ Big money up front usually means  big BS . if they say they can take away your negative energy or if they charge a lot of money theyre scammers One told me that I was born with a dark cloud hovering above me. I believe that though, as hard as it was to hear. Read into the art of mentalist or mentalism. Knowing the tricks of the trade can help distinguish authenticity from performers. I just know. I thought this said “Physics.” I would watch out for those who are all about $$$.  If they cannot do anything without you showing some money or want to take advantage of the situation with rising rates or ambiguous rates, then they are scamming you.  I went on a haunted walking tour with a very well-known medium who used to be on television.  He said he would not be doing any readings that night and then went on and on about how psychic he is and all the wonderful things he can do.  At no point in the night, did he add to the walking tour except for bragging about his "gifts."  I started thinking to myself, that if this person did have a gift, he would want to make believers out of everyone and we would then happily pay a fee for a reading.  But he refused and just kept talking about how gifted he was and how many spirits he communicated with.  He then told people they could contact him for a $300/hour reading since he was so gifted.  Trust your instincts and if it sounds like a scam, it usually is. In my experience,if they ask questions at all. The good psychics I've been to have never played 20 questions with me lol. They won't consciously (or unconsciously - tho being involuntarily psychic isn't uncommon) react to the movements of your inner world. 

The big secret is that we can all do this.

A fake psychic can be a real psychic, they're just too busy in their head playing the role of one, rather than facing the realities of others, and therefore picking up on their deeper thoughts and energies. It’s pretty easy to tell when ur face to face with them, but lets be honest too anyone who messages you for a read or says they can read you from anywhere, they’re probably full of it you won’t question if they are fake or not, it will be obvious to you. validation is part of their job. By asking them exactly what they feel when they have a premonition, how it translates from spirit to themselves, and how they decipher the message intended. They call it a gift, I sometimes wonder about that. References Period. They are all fake All of them are fake I was scammed by a woman who has a YouTube channel and does readings. She asked a ton of questions and actually just confirmed everything I said. (This was before I figured out my psychic abilities.) I started developing my abilities and unknowingly attracted a demon. I contacted the woman in a panic pleading for her help and she completely ignored me. It was a rude awakening. My Guardian Angel later confirmed to me the woman was a scam artist. I felt so stupid. yes….they charge money No, people have to develop their own judgement and process of discernment. Nevermind the psychic space, so much of human culture is fake and that fakeness is promoted or even originally laid down by the very systems we trust to induct us into human culture e.g., the education system, scientific communities and authorities of all kinds

By now, what is actually fake is so widely believed that good natured people defend their fake beliefs and cling to them as though their lives would only have meaning if what they have learned is true.

So now, from such a mess how can psychics be monitored for quality? Take doctors, we have to be registered on a board or council and this gives people confidence that their doctors know what they are talking about. Together with their dedication to learning and passing exams it also gives the doctor confidence that they know what they are talking about and practicing. However, all of that is fake from another more advanced perspective on health and so in the bigger picture the regulations and monitoring of that profession is meaningless. If you can't meaningfully regulate the healthcare profession, then what chance is there with psychics? Muscle testing. Read dr hawkins power v force 1. Inauthentic by intuition/ it feels wrong/ like a performance. Claim to be ‘woke’ and use a lot of buzz words; tribe lol. 
2. Claim to be or channel influential people / idols/ Jesus (101 for fraud, the amount of people who apparently can all do this at the same time in interesting maybe Jesus had BPD 😂).
3. Unable to share anything concrete and non-generic about your past. Never trust anyone to provide you insight into your present or potential paths who cannot effectively share about your past. 
4. Play hot and cold with you.
5. Money minded/ offers seem like MLM. They want you to buy bundles of services and offer very little 1:1 live service. I do not do pre-recorded personalised services, this is only adequate for information/ learning.
6. Self absorbed and boast about material things, having a following in itself is not an issue, but how we refer to people who associate with us is telling. 
7. They often spiritual bypass a lot, never address it and share about how their services can rid you of developmental trauma for example. Nope. Get a talk therapist. 
8. They emphasise tools over practice. Don’t get me wrong, we all love a good crystal, but that is not the practice and often appropriates other cultures and practices. They often sell a whole load of aesthetically amazing gear too. I don’t need any cups, feather pens or crystals from a psychic though. 
9. They just came out of nowhere from the corporate world. Often spiritual people are humble and they don’t care about money so they are less inclined to find themselves in these environments for long periods of time before exercising their gifts. Sounds like a nest egg, retirement plan with free holiday retreats to me. 🤣🤣 
10. They spend a lot of time evaluating or bashing others instead of on the work.
11. None of their prior psychic work is robust and they have poor reviews. Or claim to have 100% success rate. I don’t even have 100% success rate controlling how much salt I put in my food. Usually if they're trying too hard lol or if they keep nagging you to pay because "the spirits have an urgent message for you". Channeling? OK everybody saying it's "possession" is incorrect. Calm down. You'll be fine. People jump to extreme negatives so quickly.

I totally share this gift with you. I have these same things happen when I do a reading. My voice changes, my mannerisms, everything. Just because you experience this DOES NOT mean you have gotten possessed.

It does mean that you most likely are a trance medium, have some telepathic ability, and some deeply empathic ability. I myself have these abilities. I have done channeling and some physical mediumship as well and I am not possessed. People freak out at what they don't understand.

I really think this is mostly linked to telepathic abilities. Telepathy as most commonly experienced doesn't mean reading peoples' minds--but you are able to read their intentions and their "vibe" very easily.

So questions for you--

Do you seem to "know" people when you first meet them? I mean you just meet them, yet you have a very good idea of what their personality is like? Whether they are trustworthy or not, dangerous, or kind, or high energy/low energy, etc.?

Have you ever answered someone's question before they asked it? Most probably someone close to you?

Have you ever gotten a vibe right away that someone is dangerous and you noped out for no reason right away?

When you do readings for people, do you get the feelings of how they passed? Feel pain in the lungs and find out they had breathing issues? Had pain in the head and found it was an aneurism?

All this is signs of telepathy. It overlaps with the other clairs--but it's like you have more of a direct tie to the qualia (or the direct subjective experience) of another person. You tune into others minds very easily. You may not read their exact thoughts, but you're pretty darn sure of what they are thinking.

Your mind is like a radio tuner that just really easily glommed onto the frequency of the spirit you were talking to. The spirit got excited that you tuned in so well and they went in strong. It doesn't mean you actually let them take over your body. It's more like they are standing right behind you very close, metaphorically speaking, and you're temporarily sharing an aura.

If it gets uncomfortable tell them to back off. Tell them you've cut contact and it's time to leave. Shake it off (literally). Move your body, dance around. Take a walk. Do something YOU specifically like to do and reclaim your space. Imagine white loving light purifying your energy body and aura and know that you occupy your own space and mind and nobody else.

It can be scary, and weird because not a lot of people have this experience/ability. Because it's not that common people freak out and jump to negative conclusions and throw around words like possession, oppression, etc. It's nonsense.

State your intentions to communicate and communicate only before you begin. Make it clear you only communicate with spirit that is aligned with love and light and kindness and compassion only. Protect yourself, then clearly tell them you're done, then cleanse your energy. Channeling…or trance mediumship Channelling (mediumship), or empathic absorption. 

Given that you felt tired after, probably channelling. I advise looking into energy cultivation methods, like qigong. The oracles of Tibet that channel the spirit kings have a shortened lifespan doing this kind of work. It could be many different things. However, control is priority when expanding consciousness and things of the like. It would be wise to have protection of some sort and have firm boundaries. If energy/entities come in and out of you like a convenience store then that’s definitely not good. Although performing Work can sometimes leave a person drained but something like that is most likely something else using your energy. A prudent/cautious way of doing divination or any kind of Work would be to cleanse, protect, connect, Work, cleanse again, and ground. Ask them to step back It's called posession. If you don't choose to do it and control it, it's not good. It is a sign of lack of control of your own astral body and weak psychic defences. The danger is that the spirits may not leave or can infect you with negative energy making you ill or drain your energy causing low emotion, heart palpitations, dizziness, exhaustion or nausea. lMongolian and voodoo shaman are trained to control this. The general rule is don't let other beings into your energy field unless you invite them and control it. Psychic realities offer many amazing experiences, but being amazing is no guarrantee they are safe. The ability is called trance mediumship. It's found in the crown chakra. Trance mediumship is the ability to allow another being to come into your body and take over for awhile. This is different from what are called mediums, which are psychics that can talk to spirit guides and relay messages. It's sometimes called channeling, but that can mean different things, from channeling energy or information all the way to bringing in a being into your body.

Well done on recognizing that a different soul personality has entered your body. Great first step.

If you wish to read people and not bring in beings, you need to be grounded. Here's why:

You already know what it feels like to be high on an energy level. That's the vibration that spirit guides will match and come into your body. Grounding it the opposite in one sense, but more complex than higher or lower vibration conveys.

Try this. Sit in a chair. Close your eyes. Take a deep breath. Feet flat on the floor. Hands separated and resting palms up on each thigh.

Create a grounding cord. This is a line of energy that connects your first chakra to the center of the planet. Your first chakra is a ball of energy about the size of a quarter that sits just in front of the base of your spine. Your grounding cord attaches to the bottom of that ball of energy.

Grounding makes your body feel safe, so you release energy more easily. Gravity pulls whatever you release, even your own energy, down to the center of the planet. No effort on your part. The center of the planet neutralizes the energy and returns it to whoever owns it. No karma for anyone. A virtuous cycle.

Nearly everyone goes to connect to the center of the planet the first time but stops at the soil, often making roots like a tree. This is a method that is taught in some martial arts styles, but it is not the best option for your spiritual development and healing.

So, notice the seat of your chair. Take a deep breath. Notice the distance between the seat and the floor. Now notice the distance between the floor and the soil below. Breathe.

Now notice the distance between the soil and the water table underneath. Notice the distance between the water table and the rocky mantle. Notice the distance between the mantle and the molten core below that. Deep breath.

Notice the distance between the molten core and the center of the planet. That ball of light at the very center of the planet is where you connect your grounding cord. Deep breath.

Say hello to the center of the planet. Do you get a hello back?

Notice the color and texture of your grounding cord. It may look like a line of energy, or look like something physical; a rope, a wire, a pipe, a tree trunk. Adjust it as needed to be in affinity with your body.

Getting this far means you've already released some energy from your aura and body. Now it is time to fill in the space that was created.

Create a gold sun over your head. Have it call back all of your energy from wherever you left it throughout your day and week. Work. School. Online meetings. Video games. Your fantasies about your future. Your regrets about your past. Wherever you've placed your attention. Just watch the energy come back and see if you notice where it came from.

Have the sun burn up and neutralize your energy. Then bring the sun into the top of your head. It will automatically flow into the spaces you created. Create a gauge to measure when you're full. Like a fuel gauge or oil gauge. You'll run better if you aren't a few quarts low on spiritual oil. If the gauge doesn't read "Full", bring in another gold sun.

Open your eyes, bend over and touch the floor, draining any tension from the back of your neck, then stand up, and stretch.

There is a progression with this technique. After grounding for ten minutes a day for a week or two, notice your grounding cord at the very end, while you're standing with your eyes open. Continue to ground with your eyes open and standing, and bring in another gold sun. Each day, increase the amount of time that you ground standing up with your eyes open.

After a week or two practicing this, add walking while grounded. Just notice your grounding cord as you walk. Say hello to the center of the planet while you walk. Bring in a gold sun while you walk.  If you lose your grounding cord, stop walking and recover it. If you have to, sit back down and close your eyes and create a new grounding cord.

After this, you're ready to take your grounding cord with you into your daily life. Shopping. Getting coffee. Wherever you go, you can ground. This, combined with a little amusement about seeing new things on an energy level, will keep you safe and sound.

Now that you're here, at the end of your grounding meditations, create a gold sun over your head. This time, fill it with your highest creative essence, your present time growth vibration, and your affinity for yourself. The first energy is a healing for you. The second is a healing for your body. The third is a healing for your affinity in your fourth chakra.

Bend over and touch the floor. Stand up and stretch. If you're ready for more, sit back down and ground some more. Otherwise, have a nice day!

Note that every image you imagine, the gold sun, the grounding cord, the center of the planet, your first chakra, your body parts, is exercising your clairvoyance. You may be imagining what your tailbone looks like, but you're also creating the image of your tailbone and reading its energy. This is practicing your clairvoyant ability.

If you ground this way to the center of the planet before you do readings, and notice your grounding at different times during your readings, you'll have a much easier time doing the readings and you won't feel drained when you're done. U are being possessed by the guides, not channeling as per others comments. At least it wasn't bad entities. Take control of yourself by learning how to be a better person first before starting on this kind of journey. Shadow work is really important so work on that before starting anything else. Mental illness Possession 101. Lecture and levitation to follow. There will be a test. Offering 1 FREE Yes/No question per person. In order to allow for everyone to be able to get their 1 question Yes/No, I will not be answering follow-ups. I will be prioritising those who haven’t gotten their 1 question before over those who have been read by me! 

Just a friendly reminder to structure your question in a yes/no format. I look forward to reading for you! :)

Edit: I would prefer to refrain from answering questions on health, legal issues, death and pregnancy. Offering a few free readings for what you need to know/hear right now. 
Or I could answer a question you have **If post is up, I am still open to questions!** ✨

I’m an Claircogziant and Clairaudient Medium offering one free yes or no question per person **via chat.** Please send your name(s) and question in the chat! 

*Please follow up with a healthcare 
professional on all health related questions*

*Readings are based on current energies*

*I will not answer any questions related to death, or law related questions or give legal advice*

*I have the right to refuse to answer questions that do not follow these guidelines.* [deleted] Offering free channeled msgs for a select few... comment if interested!!! [removed] Sleep paralysis can be scary,  but it's nothing to worry about or to be taken as an omen. It's more of the beginning stages of astral projection.  I get it often and usually entities are around when you open your second body eyes. Ghosts are literally everywhere and it's way easier to see them in an OBE state.

Sometimes your mind will create things to scare you to stay in your body too. 

Don't worry 😉 there’s nothing wrong with what happened and it’s especially common when napping and overly tired. if it’s scary for your boyfriend to not be able to come out of it, know this- breathe heavy and then hold your breath, alternating between the two quickly. it will connect your brain back to your body and you wake up within a few seconds. anyway, hopefully he can get to the point where he enjoys it. many people practice sleep paralysis for astral projection :) He had a hypnagogic hallucination.  It's pretty common with sleep paralysis. People are mentioning beginning of astral projection of out of body experience. They may be right. Also, the seeing the future or past could also be true.

**But the main purpose of SP** (sleep paralysis) is to make us not able to move when we start to dream. Our body does this automatically every time we go into REM stage and start to dream, and it also automatically releases the SP paralysis the moment we stop dreaming or wake up.

Sometimes we can actually notice being in SP when our body fails to notice that we are already awake and it thinks we are still asleep.

People who are activelly trying to AP or OBE or Lucid dream via WILD method are most likely to become aware of this natural phenomena.

It can be scary, because we think we are awake but we can't move, so our minds make up stories to explain this. And that can be scary. At that time we can also have hallucinations which can look like we see our real room or real people around us. Or we see or hear things that are not really there.

*But no, by no means this is anything bad. No omens, no warnings, nothing dangerous is going to happen to you guys.*

You can astually try this out yourself if you feel like it. Lay down and don't move. Just like if yoy were trying to go to sleep. Pretty soon your mind will think your body is asleep because you didn't move in a long time and it will start shutting down the brain as well. But if you consiouslly try to keep your mind awake just by thinking some mantra (prayer) for example : "I want to see SP", you will start experiencing all kinds of strange sensations or visuals, which are normal and they happen every single time we are falling asleep. You will be able to notice them this time, because you are keeping your mind awake on purpose. He had the beginnings of an out-of-body experience. Not a big deal. Sorry that you feel upset about it. The other reality where people go has non-linear time, that's why he saw you. Sleep paralysis is a medical issue. He had a hypnogogic hallucination which is very common with sleep paralysis. This happens because your brain gets confused about whether it’s asleep or awake. It was likely caused by poor sleep due to the travel or possibly stress. When I get sleep paralysis I try to breathe and relax, which usually makes it pass a little more quickly as my body starts to relax. It's nothing scary. 

Try r/astralprojection If you don't wanna see any spirits I recommend not opening your third eye! I used to get like a high walking into a bar from feeling the fun and sexual energy. It could almost be a little addictive for me. But I could also tell well the energy went from intoxicating to sloppy. In that case I’d just leave and go someplace quieter. Or if the energy was off someplace just turn around and try someplace else. Or gravitate to someone whose vibe you are drawn to. first, ground your energy. learn grounding exercises and practice them throughout the day to continuously cleanse your energy. second, clear your aura and keep it clear/protected. it takes practice but you can feel other’s auras without absorbing their energy into your aura. Feeling energy comes from your clairsentience ability in your second chakra. Most folks use this as a form of protection; it helps them feel for threats.  Closing down your second chakra will dial down the intensity of your response to the energy. You'll feel more comfortable.

To close down your second chakra when walking into a club, you need to give your body something else to make it feel safe. That something else can be many things, but the one I share is a specific style of grounding.

Try this. Sit in a chair. Close your eyes. Take a deep breath. Feet flat on the floor. Hands separated and resting palms up on each thigh.

Create a grounding cord. This is a line of energy that connects your first chakra to the center of the planet. Your first chakra is a ball of energy about the size of a quarter that sits just in front of the base of your spine. Your grounding cord attaches to the bottom of that ball of energy.

Grounding makes your body feel safe, so you release energy more easily. Gravity pulls whatever you release, even your own energy, down to the center of the planet. No effort on your part. The center of the planet neutralizes the energy and returns it to whoever owns it. No karma for anyone. A virtuous cycle.

Nearly everyone goes to connect to the center of the planet the first time but stops at the soil, often making roots like a tree. This is a method that is taught in some martial arts styles, but it is not the best option for your spiritual development and healing.

So, notice the seat of your chair. Take a deep breath. Notice the distance between the seat and the floor. Now notice the distance between the floor and the soil below. Breathe.

Now notice the distance between the soil and the water table underneath. Notice the distance between the water table and the rocky mantle. Notice the distance between the mantle and the molten core below that. Deep breath.

Notice the distance between the molten core and the center of the planet. That ball of light at the very center of the planet is where you connect your grounding cord. Deep breath.

Say hello to the center of the planet. Do you get a hello back?

Notice the color and texture of your grounding cord. It may look like a line of energy, or look like something physical; a rope, a wire, a pipe, a tree trunk. Adjust it as needed to be in affinity with your body.

Getting this far means you've already released some energy from your aura and body. Now it is time to fill in the space that was created.

Create a gold sun over your head. Have it call back all of your energy from wherever you left it throughout your day and week. Work. School. Online meetings. Video games. Your fantasies about your future. Your regrets about your past. Wherever you've placed your attention. Just watch the energy come back and see if you notice where it came from.

Have the sun burn up and neutralize your energy. Then bring the sun into the top of your head. It will automatically flow into the spaces you created. Create a gauge to measure when you're full. Like a fuel gauge or oil gauge. You'll run better if you aren't a few quarts low on spiritual oil. If the gauge doesn't read "Full", bring in another gold sun.

Open your eyes, bend over and touch the floor, draining any tension from the back of your neck, then stand up, and stretch.

There is a progression with this technique. After grounding for ten minutes a day for a week or two, notice your grounding cord at the very end, while you're standing with your eyes open. Continue to ground with your eyes open and standing, and bring in another gold sun. Each day, increase the amount of time that you ground standing up with your eyes open.

After a week or two practicing this, add walking while grounded. Just notice your grounding cord as you walk. Say hello to the center of the planet while you walk. Bring in a gold sun while you walk.  If you lose your grounding cord, stop walking and recover it. If you have to, sit back down and close your eyes and create a new grounding cord.

After this, you're ready to take your grounding cord with you into your daily life. Shopping. Getting coffee. Wherever you go, you can ground. This, combined with a little amusement about seeing new things on an energy level, will keep you safe and sound.

Now that you're here, at the end of your grounding meditations, create a gold sun over your head. This time, fill it with your highest creative essence, your present time growth vibration, and your affinity for yourself. The first energy is a healing for you. The second is a healing for your body. The third is a healing for your affinity in your fourth chakra.

Bend over and touch the floor. Stand up and stretch. If you're ready for more, sit back down and ground some more. Otherwise, have a nice day!

Note that every image you imagine, the gold sun, the grounding cord, the center of the planet, your first chakra, your body parts, is exercising your clairvoyance. You may be imagining what your tailbone looks like, but you're also creating the image of your tailbone and reading its energy. This is practicing your clairvoyant ability. Maybe you need some new friends or only hang out with the ones with good vibes. Try this. Sit in a chair. Close your eyes. Take a deep breath. Feet flat on the floor. Hands separated and resting palms up on each thigh.

Create a grounding cord. This is a line of energy that connects your first chakra to the center of the planet. Your first chakra is a ball of energy about the size of a quarter that sits just in front of the base of your spine. Your grounding cord attaches to the bottom of that ball of energy.

Grounding makes your body feel safe, so you release energy more easily. Gravity pulls whatever you release, even your own energy, down to the center of the planet. No effort on your part. The center of the planet neutralizes the energy and returns it to whoever owns it. No karma for anyone. A virtuous cycle.

Nearly everyone goes to connect to the center of the planet the first time but stops at the soil, often making roots like a tree. This is a method that is taught in some martial arts styles, but it is not the best option for your spiritual development and healing.

So, notice the seat of your chair. Take a deep breath. Notice the distance between the seat and the floor. Now notice the distance between the floor and the soil below. Breathe.

Now notice the distance between the soil and the water table underneath. Notice the distance between the water table and the rocky mantle. Notice the distance between the mantle and the molten core below that. Deep breath.

Notice the distance between the molten core and the center of the planet. That ball of light at the very center of the planet is where you connect your grounding cord. Deep breath.

Say hello to the center of the planet. Do you get a hello back?

Notice the color and texture of your grounding cord. It may look like a line of energy, or look like something physical; a rope, a wire, a pipe, a tree trunk. Adjust it as needed to be in affinity with your body.

Getting this far means you've already released some energy from your aura and body. Now it is time to fill in the space that was created.

Create a gold sun over your head. Have it call back all of your energy from wherever you left it throughout your day and week. Work. School. Online meetings. Video games. Your fantasies about your future. Your regrets about your past. Wherever you've placed your attention. Just watch the energy come back and see if you notice where it came from.

Have the sun burn up and neutralize your energy. Then bring the sun into the top of your head. It will automatically flow into the spaces you created. Create a gauge to measure when you're full. Like a fuel gauge or oil gauge. You'll run better if you aren't a few quarts low on spiritual oil. If the gauge doesn't read "Full", bring in another gold sun.

Open your eyes, bend over and touch the floor, draining any tension from the back of your neck, then stand up, and stretch.

There is a progression with this technique. After grounding for ten minutes a day for a week or two, notice your grounding cord at the very end, while you're standing with your eyes open. Continue to ground with your eyes open and standing, and bring in another gold sun. Each day, increase the amount of time that you ground standing up with your eyes open.

After a week or two practicing this, add walking while grounded. Just notice your grounding cord as you walk. Say hello to the center of the planet while you walk. Bring in a gold sun while you walk.  If you lose your grounding cord, stop walking and recover it. If you have to, sit back down and close your eyes and create a new grounding cord.

After this, you're ready to take your grounding cord with you into your daily life. Shopping. Getting coffee. Wherever you go, you can ground. This, combined with a little amusement about seeing new things on an energy level, will keep you safe and sound.

Now that you're here, at the end of your grounding meditations, create a gold sun over your head. This time, fill it with your highest creative essence, your present time growth vibration, and your affinity for yourself. The first energy is a healing for you. The second is a healing for your body. The third is a healing for your affinity in your fourth chakra.

Bend over and touch the floor. Stand up and stretch. If you're ready for more, sit back down and ground some more. Otherwise, have a nice day!

Note that every image you imagine, the gold sun, the grounding cord, the center of the planet, your first chakra, your body parts, is exercising your clairvoyance. You may be imagining what your tailbone looks like, but you're also creating the image of your tailbone and reading its energy. This is practicing your clairvoyant ability. It could be a multitude of different things but in my opinion from the description of the feeling you had it seems your consciousness had traveled somewhere. The dangerous feeling you had may have been just that but it also could’ve been your ego trying to keep you stabilized in this plane and bring you back. That’s just my two cents the first part when you said you visualize the outside and the living room you could be seeing the present what’s happening right know you might have the ability to someone’s else’s past life Only time will tell if your psychic is accurate.

My advice is to live your life without giving too much weight to predictions like this. The time of marriage and number of children is up to the querent and can be changed bc the universe gives us free will. Hmm, I don't know. I honestly wouldn't put much stock in it. Maybe it will happen, maybe it won't, just don't hold any expectations of it happening so you don't end up disappointed when it doesn't. Very interesting. I definitely think our energy affects our abilities and strength. I can't do anything fancy with fire but I can control the candle flames..making them still, flicker or bend to the direction of my hand. I can make my matches burn out almost immediately after I use them.. they usually burn a third of the stick then go out suddenly or very slowly diminish. When I'm tired I can't do it I'm too weak.  I definitely think your anger could of fueled something. Never seen it done but I've witnessed people who's toxic energy created poltergeist activity and I guess that's kind of the same concept with energy manipulation. Yes it does. Manipulating elements fall under the realm of more advanced psychic ability. Very interesting experience you shared. Maybe you have a latent ability for pyrokinesis and through proper work you could probably learn to channel it. There was a chi master who could  create fire at will...there was a YouTube video also. If you're still finding the real you I guess you have a long way to go first is knowing what you're and can do and it left for us to want to leave a different life all together call it disguise or whatever I got mine so haha 😆 I have never witnessed this myself, but I don’t disbelieve it. Each of the element has _siddhi_, which includes manipulation of Fire. Further, there is a developmental path for it — I have heard some neigong schools develop enough personal energy to pull something like this off, without relying on emotional outbursts. I could do telekinesis, its definitely possible to manipulate anything. You just have to meditate and practice it. You felt remorse and in other ways I can empathize with how you felt, so kudos. I’ve always wanted to trigger/try combustion/pyrokenisis, but it hasn’t happened to me…yet…probably for the best. Have tried connecting with fire, but haven’t been as successful as you. I may have accidentally burned my apartment down. I was in a really bad mental space for a while. I was living in a studio apt, dealing with the emotional fallout of a bad breakup, and my friends had moved away so I was spending way too much time alone. Anyway, I went home to my parents house for my birthday weekend. After getting on the train, I suddenly started worrying I had left my space heater on, which would be a fire hazard. When I got home, I told my parents how miserable I felt in my apartment. I remember a moment being in my room and thinking I’d just find a way out of the lease and move back to my parents. I ended up getting a text from the landlord later that day that there was a fire that started in the buildings heater (not my space heater) and my apartment was ruined, lease ended. 

Not as dramatic as something bursting into flame in front of your eyes but still curious. Well what you think is a barrier your abilities might just turn out to be the reason why you get almost best at it, you're experiencing this cause you're yet to fully comprehend what you capable of. With proper guidance and spiritual actions, I'm confident you're getting past this Have you been seeing lights or being very sensitive lately it's a sign to open your third eyes if you're more of a spiritual being than you thought you were I take medication for my OCD, it helps, but there are breakthrough moments sometimes unfortunately. Usually I can tell it's my OCD when the thought is really negative. So how does that knowledge help you in this life? 

Does it inspire you? is it highlighting some fear you have about embracing your own skills? something else? 

Past lives highlight where we are working on "karma" from that life or parallel to it (in that life we were working on the same issues) ... find that and you'll have your clarity. Come to peace with your past and let light and love follow you Reincarnation is a definite possibility, but it's advisable to learn why you're a Reincarnation nothing happens without reason. Nature's first law Hey! Long time practitioner here with an ecclectic background mostly in Alchemy. 

These traditions of other people gifting things are specific to different types of practice and cultures. There is nothing wrong with buying yourself any of the spiritual items you need or want in order to grow, and the way you acquire your items can be specific to your beliefs. 

Furthermore, what you think and believe will become the truth. If you feel like it's bringing you negativity, then it will. If you truly believe it is protective, then it is. Your belief and your intention with the item is far more powerful than any natural power that item has in and of itself. 

IF you are so bothered by this situation, you can amend it pretty easily by gifting these items to someone else and partnering up with a mentor or other practitioner who can gift you what you seek. No matter what, your beliefs about these things are what will become reality. 

Spirituality is what you make it, and your practice is uniquely your own. You can make your own rules in accordance with your reality. 

These are just my opinions, and others may have better insight that's more aligned with your practice. I hope this helped you a little, and you find the answers you're looking for! I can’t speak to the evil eye items (I’ve never heard you shouldn’t buy your own btw) but certainly I think the idea of not being able to buy your own tarot cards is outdated superstition at best, and gate keeping at worst. 

You want to learn tarot to educate and empower yourself… but you have to wait for someone else to buy you a deck? Nah, you want it, you buy it! Empower yourself! There are so many styles and types of decks, only you know what calls and suits you so why put that power in someone else’s hands if the aim to empower yourself? You want it, you go get it! 

I’ve bought myself both tarot decks and evil eye bracelets, no issues whatsoever. Try and take away all the bad energies and replace the with only good ones let love and light lead you I can help you so you get stuffs that can help you chase away this evil eyes you don't need much dm It's not bad luck , we Arabs and Turks believe that they're Haram(prohibited in Islam)  bc they're considered amulets in our religion but if you're not Muslim you can wear them , we believe turquoise stone and Nazar amulets  ward off the evil eye due to their blue colour :) I have this happen.  I can generally judge when someone is going to die that I don't know, and I've had..idk, sort of premonitions.   I think alot of times, when it is someone you know, it's kind of a way to say goodbye.  My nephew had very clear dreams of his mother b4 she was found.  Last great aunt that died ( I thought she was gone..98!)...I had a dream of a family reunion, where I was asking my dead granny...what are you doing here?  You are dead!  She told me family is coming, she's making potato salad.  Lol...what do you say to that!?
Anyway, I just leave those thoughts to myself.  Most the time, ppl are better not knowing. IMHO. I've known my friends and family are terminal, and if there's treatment possibility. It's more common than people talk about. Think of this... They use animals to detect illness, right? Aren't we all evolved animals? We often let self doubt and life bury our gifts Yes! That’s the basis of mediumship Absolutely! And they have somehow bonded to you for reasons only they know… could be a long passed relative that youd never met, could be you remind them of someone from their lifetime… I feel like sometimes spirits gravitate towards certain living people not because of their gifts but because it gives them purpose. An example would be a motherly-type spirit that seems to calm or console your infant when they cry…. Or a protective type spirit that makes a noise when you aren’t paying attention to something that could harm you. Very possible and very common :) 
You are not crazy!
I’ve had many visits of the sort from all types of passed on people. How do they look like? It's real even some of us know this hard fact as real humans but we try to run away from the truth especially if it's not happening to you then it's not an issue Of course they can, I asked if I was on the right track and I’ve heard two knocks(to keep it vague). Don’t forget, communication doesn’t just have to be words its very interesting, I think fever puts us into meditative state of mind. I also start seeing behind the vail when im feverish. when I was 4, I had a massive fever, had a crazy sleeping night. when i woke up i ran to my grandma (I dont remember this) I jumped at her and hysterically started telling her i remember i am not from this family, i remember my real family in Chaldea, told her my name words, sentences, our culture and living situation, historical facts etc, she was clueless what Chaldea was and phoned my grandpa who was at work. he told her to write down every single thing im saying, because chaldea was an ancient civilization and the facts im spewing are on point. 

its fun to hear someone talk about fevers, I always felt they were very "psychedelic". I’ve seen the dead and spirits my whole life, but it really got cranked up when I had a 104 fever at the age of 5. From that point on, it seemed to accelerate abilities I already had. I’ve hear medium John Edward say he always has heightened abilities when he’s under the weather and I still do too, especially when it’s something that puts pressure on my head like a sinus infection or fever with headache. I remember hearing him say that and feeling better about it. I too am able to read peoples minds by feeling their emotions strongly within me. With some people their thoughts enter into my own head as if they are mine. It can be confusing, overwhelming and at times draining. I’ve learned to steer clear of certain people. Interesting. I actually had this last night I think— not for the first time, and it was very mild. But I think I ate something that made me a little sick, and I was running what felt like a low fever and as I was in bed I felt WAY more tuned in than usual… so funny to see this post the next morning! Hallucinations of any kind are an indication that the veil is lifted. If you can understand what you see/hear and it's not just internally driven nonsense like a fever dream or random drug trip, then you're experiencing true ESP. Hi, I’ve experienced similar when I’ve been VERY angry at people and have been able to tap into their minds. On two occasions I “puppeteered” a (minor) accident to happen to certain individuals and it really happened according to my hands’ movements if that makes sense. I feel bad about these things after, so I choose to not keep trying to develop this gift. I am suppressing it and not feeding into my negative emotions and energies. Watch giving in to negative energy. You may think they deserve whatever comes but let's not forget the transgressions you have done to others. Giving into negativity is akin to playing with fire while intoxicated. It will come to engulf you before you know it. Control your thoughts/emotions, by sending out negative energy, or evil/hate filled thoughts you can indeed harm people. 

If you feel like your going to have something bad happen to someone when you consciously dont want to, remove your self and mind from the situation, think of forgiveness, mercy, love.

I "suffer" from the same ability, but mine is controlled, i have to make a conscious effort to get it done or not, depending on how badly the person fucked me over. It sounds like your displeasure may be manifesting. Emotions= energy in motion, as a teal swan video said.

I would look at finding a way to rephrase your feelings so you could still work with them without such overt chaos. When it comes down to it, though, you're going to have to stop being petty, even in the recesses of your own mind. Suppress the petty or dangerous feeling if you can, or let it go completely without holding onto it outside of you at all. It's a frustrating idea, I know, but you are not alone in this among those who pay attention even when reality scares them or does not make full sense. 

Of course, you shouldn't hope to do this for all emotions, even bad and painful ones at all times--for our emotions are our biggest internal compasses--but if something disproportional or dangerous for the moment comes up in impulse, you're going to have to get rid of it as it is in that form. Another way to work through such feelings is to acknowledge that you have the magic to transmute those emotions into productive emotions and manifestations. 

You are a soul having a human experience, and an expression of the divine expressing and coming to know itself through the aspect of it that is you. That is not to say that any is necessarily less important than the rest, but you can reach upwards or downwards for clarity at times like this. Much of what you are truly asking can only truly be concluded and brought closure by you, and by somebody in your shoes who knows you as you do. All evil is ultimately just an indestructible light seeping out through twisted and corruptive confusions--a potential for a new tool or truth's attainment--wether or not any may be able to unknot the messiness at this time. All of us must delve in to some degree, but lose yourself in it and you will functionally become evil through that corruptive confusion and its pain. All power is weakness well-harmonized. I hope that brings you some solace. No action is inherently good or bad, but is in perspective of the details of its context.

Honestly seek the truth of yourself and the truth around you, and remedy those feelings for what they should be; for what you should best have them be, at any time. Do not turn your eyes away when it is your responsibility to do all you can. And as per a quote from Ascendance of a Bookworm from a terrifyingly cutthroat but extremely wise noble that says this well; 

>*Had you failed to do something that was within your capabilities, then that would absolutely be worth reflecting on. But there’s no use bemoaning something that you knew you couldn’t do from the very beginning, since no amount of thinking will change that fact.*

To my understanding, you have just strengthened a direct connection source enough for this to happen. I'm sure it must be scary for it to come with no instructions and insufficient gateways to make sure you had the right foundations to responsibly control all of this... but I believe, at least, our wishes and strong emotions about that will one day power enough of a force to bend the current soft-laws of existence enough to save future generations that struggle.

Till then, may the weird ones find sanity and light in one another. 


*This is my best understanding, of course. Another thing I have heard of is that we all slightly live in our own slightly different universes, which collide and can even contradict, hence anything could be invalidated for you and still be true for me. Of course, there's also the much simpler doubt that I could be wrong or just fail to see this mutual situation accurately. ...I think I'm gonna need you to run for congress... If you wish to control this, but aren't up to putting in the work to become a better person who doesn't seek to harm others out of lower emotions like anger, jealousy or insecurity, then you should contain yourself. Literally. Just as we can call 8n a protective shield around ourselves, we can shield others from our weaker, lower tendencies. I accidentally manifested a negative outcome - some teens sat near to my wife and I when they had the whole park to sit at. I sent a strong 'Go Away' - and two minutes later one of the kids yelled with huge malice at another one and much upset.

I felt really bad - all I meant was for them to move a little way away.

Was not aware that this was possible (I am new).

I am being really careful not to get mad at anyone and have decided that unconditional love is my default projection. Ouuu interesting I once knew a girl (long story short) her stepdad was abusive and one day he locked her in her room and she was crying and she heard someone say “he’s gonna pay for this” she looks up and sees some guy (a ghost) and he says “he’s gonna pay for hurting you” next thing Yk he gets in a car crash and almost dies and loses his house and his gf (her mom) left.

For your situation I’d say your mood affects the things around you AMAZING look into “the double slit experiment” it’s something that deals with quantum physics/ meta physics but good luck with your findings lol My ex husband fell off his roof! People are products of their environments. If there is something bad, there is a reason. Don't hate, help. Give it to me, I would gladly have it. It's not that hard to do it. Maybe find some sort of outlet to get all of the negativity out so that when you do get angry, it won't have much "power" to it and won't hurt the person or situation surrounding it. Sounds like maybe your a PK agent of some kind? Which you project negative energy, even if it's subconscious. That will build and can create a poltergeist (made up of a person's negative energy) and after feeding it so much then it can break away from you and become it's own entity and that could become dangerous because once it separates from you completely then you can't control what it does any longer. If it hasn't gone that far then having healthy outlets will make it die down and become powerless since you'll be able to control it..

Different practices like yoga, Tai chi, different therapies like psychotherapy can help weaken it if you wish to give it a try.. [deleted] No one has the ability to control other people in that way. Your into this subject matter, we see what we want to see. 

The people you feel you influenced in your life, are fuck ups. I’m that case my dear, let me tell you about this fellow named Mr. Putin and some of the terrible things he’s doing In Ukraine. I think you should ask yourself how much do you believe the world and the people in it (as well as what happens to them as they are continuously experiencing the effects of their own actions and the effects of infinite number of other influential factors in life every moment of every day) revolve around you.

You are not considering the millions of other measurable and unnoticeable factors that dictate how well someone is doing in life (or not doing in life).

And it would be foolish to believe that all of these things are controlled by you simply being mad at someone.

This is narcissism. It's a third eye projection, I've had them too. When your upper psychic centers are more advanced than your lower ones, you can project out of the brow or crown center when having an out of body experience My soul sat up and stood up out of my body once, but it didn't look like that. It was very organized and seemed to have a well defined form. I did experience it first, as coming out of my face, but that's just because that's where eyes are located. It was body shaped, made of white light grid layers and once it was out of my face and sat up, I realized it came out of my entire body in the same manner which I saw it exit my face. 


I am forever looking for others who have seen their soul and was super glad to see your post! I had a spontaneous Astral projection while I was awake once.  One second I was lying down but allert and awake.  The next I was standing over my body directly over my head. I didn't go anywhere, just stood there looking at myself through my hands thinking, this is cool.

My friends mother came and stood in the door and started talking to me.  I could see her lips moving but not hear her.

I thought she is going to think I am rude if I don't respond, and the next minute I was sucked back in through my forhead between the eyes ( so face) 🙃 

So to answer your question, yes I have. I wonder if that is where everyone leaves and enters? Yes, it happens from time to time. 

Astral projection sounds like what you are doing. Keep going, you’ll discover many new things. I believe claircognizance Or they end up showing up No to be rude, but does it matter? Giving too much significance to words will actually weaken that power. Just feel what it is and build on it. Much love It's not a effing gift. It is a natural occurrence and happens often to alot of people. You are just weighing it heavier than others. Intent I think.  If your emotional, it might be your spirit/soul trying to fix the situation.  If your not thinking about something and something pops in your head, it’s probably intuition. That’s why a lot of people can’t read for themselves, you have an emotional attachment to the outcome. Especially with reading cards because there are so many different meanings a particular card can hold based on positioning & adjoining cards, it’s easy to see the meaning we’d like to see rather than stay detached and see other meanings. Especially when it’s something you really want. 

Sometimes it gets easier with age and experience to differentiate the difference between instinct & want, sometimes it doesn’t get easier so it’s up to you to take control. The future is malleable anyway, any prediction is a probable not a certainty anyway, so take charge of the situation. Do whatever you can do in the here & now to achieve that future you want. Let’s say this thing you want is to go to live in a particular town, you have a gut instinct you will but you want it so badly, you aren’t sure whether it’s really gut instinct you feel or just an overwhelming want. So forget the psychic for a moment and get into the physical instead. Do you have a place to live lined up? Start signing up to letting agents & view their properties. Do you have a job there or a college place there? Start applying for jobs/college places there. Are your finances in check? Have you considered how to physically move? Have you got removal quotes? Are you preparing mentally to move? What about the social life? Look up any local social media sites dedicated to the place. Check out the sites for the local takeaways, library, public transport! Anything that you can practically do to make this want a reality, do it & pay attention to your intuition whilst you do. Do you feel in line, is this flowing effortlessly to reach that goal? Or are you hitting stumbling blocks or even brick walls? Google "derivation of intuition". It doesn't mean what it's commonly used to mean.

Intuition does not mean desire. Wishful thinking does not mean desire. When you want something, you go after it. That is your will being imposed on your reality. And you will fail to get many things you desire. It takes practice to discipline and refine your will. 

And it's not a matter of strength alone. Or magic. Or intent. All the details matter, the most important detail being you must be yourself. If you are being false, meaning not true to yourself, how will the things you want ever find you? All the time, so much so when I tell my family they immediately take it serious and look for the dream playing out. Dreams others were pregnant, us moving, people going through things, world events, even celebrities in odd ways before finding out they were very ill and anything weird and random in between. Not an exact science, just randomly. Woke up from really weird and detailed dream and it played out that very day. Just weird lol In middle school once I dreamt that my boyfriend was going to break up with me and he did the very next day. Other than that I’ve dreamt very mundane things that eventually ended up happening, just snippets of unimportant conversations kind of thing.  I remember seeing my sis getting married in one of my dream. I was looking outside of my house to see a beach setting and my sis and bro in law getting married but for some reason I was unable to go outside and join in. 2 years later they married in Cozumel Mexico beach theme and sadly I was unable to make it from all my siblings. I also remember seeing my mom in a dream standing in the shower bleeding from her leg same thing years later she was at work when a blood clot busted she went into the ER. Used to write my dreams down habitually got a few dream journals. Need to go back to that fs. In all my dreams I’m in the afterlife, but on purpose. I was with my ex girlfriend and her female family members in a lucid dream. But a month later, after not hearing from her in 10 years, she messaged me the day I failed a suicide attempt! So I think I’m often with her as I sleep and in the afterlife! Once I dreamt of finding two quarters on the ground and the next day I did. Yes, I’ve had several of these dreams. Sometimes about big events, sometimes about small ones. Sometimes about people I’m not close to. I dreamed about when one of my uncles would die when I was a kid. Also about a life event for one of my aunts. Dreamed about a grade I got (got the exact one). Dreamed about some girl and a guy breaking up in a class I had.. wasn’t close to them at all. Had no clue about their private life. All the time, but it's usually really mundane, annoying 'glitch in the matrix' deja vu kind of stuff.

Just once I wish it was lottery numbers. All the time. I predicted my siblings & their names, wars, the fall of the Berlin Wall, Covid, my disillusionment with Christianity and the absolute insanity of Covid. 20 yrs ago I woke from a horrendous nightmare that was causing a panic attack right then. This happens multiple times every single year but I could never get past the horror of the millions of people dying to understand what it was or meant. I just knew it was a worldwide issue and health related. I was petrified for the future which sent me to a dark place. I couldn’t talk to anyone about it more than tangentially bc it made no sense in certain respects. All those horrible premonitions came true. No judgment on any religion here. When I was around 13 I dreamed once that I got up from bed and walked downstairs where a white paperback copy of the Book of Mormon was sitting on the counter. In the dream I asked my dad where it came from and he said some LDS guys had just dropped it off. I woke up that morning and went downstairs and there was a black paperback copy of the Book of Mormon. I asked my dad where it came from and he said some LDS guys just dropped it off. As far as I know there’s not really been any meaning to it other than to give me an interesting experience. My brother had been flirting with a girl for 2 years, stuck in a friendzone. One night I dreamed the two of them kissing, that day they kissed and started dating! I dreamed of a place I ended up working at YEARS later, it was just a moment of me putting beer bottles into a shelf. Then I had déjà vu of that same moment in real life at that job, a few minutes later two men came in and we had an armed robbery 🤷‍♀️ it was like a little warning Yeah. Shooting at a college in my state, friends’ pets dying, my dog dying, future work stress five years before I worked there, infertility/babies dying years in advance, a scene from current office window years before I worked there, old job shifting to a bad organizational culture, getting cheated on, getting dumped, my dad having a heart attack one year ahead but same date, this random flower on a table, which I saw the next day at a restaurant and then the interaction resulting in losing my best friend that same night (was 11 years ago or so (still miss them)), and a bunch of signs that led me to adopting my dog (a certain road I’d never seen before, rainbow, bear statue). My grandparents have shown up and warned me of things ahead and given advice. I think in one my grandma was warning me about Covid, but it was a confusing one. I wish I’d dream of something good happening. I dreamed of a positive pregnancy test right in my face.. the next day I went to get one and I was pregnant My craziest story is back in 2009 I was living outside of DC. On the morning of June 22 I woke up at about 5am from a dream about a train crash. Later that day at 5 pm a DC metro train crashed. 

That is definitely my most profound and prophetic dream on an event. I have definitely had more mundane dreams of kind of basic interactions come true.  

I’ve had some covid related dreams in 2020-2021 that have turned out true. I dreamt the Russians starting a war but I thought at the time they’d be attacking the US I dreamt of a drone flying at the start of the war in Afghanistan. Later I saw that same drone in news footage about the war. I had never seen it before that dream. trigger warning: pregnancy loss 

i had a dream id had a miscarriage. it was really vivid and i woke up looking for blood, but baby was still alive at that time. exactly 30 days later i found out i’d had a missed miscarriage 2 weeks earlier. I also have a lot of experiences  first time I noticed it was when i was 14 years old I had a dream where  me and my brother going to a house painted white.  A family friend of ours were there and they had 2 computers and they gave us one computer. A long time after this dream my parents build a new house and it was painted white , when we moved their , this family friend was our neighbor and they gifted us a computer. I was very shocked to realise that I actually visioned the same thing a long before it happened, after that I had many more dreams where I saw the future  sometimes I am now able to identify which of the dream is going to happen in real and which are not. I had a dream I was in an unfamiliar city at night, walking around trying to find my way. 3 weeks later the exact scenario played out. Exact streets, intersections, even the people i saw. It was 3 am or so and I was alone. I ended up finding myself in Alimony California. My dead father was the one who's ran me through the dream before it happened I’ve had 3 big ones and some not as important. 
1. I dreamt my grandfather passed away and found out the next day he died at 4am, so while I was having that dream probably. 
2. My bf is in the military and I once dreamt he was screaming “Rayco! Watch out, Rayco…” stuff like that, and when we got in contact he told me how he and his partner Rayco (whose name I had never heard before that I remembered) got shot over their heads, they could hear the bullets hitting the rocks around them, but they were fine, no one got shot. 
3. When I was a teenager I dreamt I was getting married but the man I was marrying I had only seen once or twice in my life, it wasn’t my current bf (who I expected to be marrying in my dream) but he turned out to be my long term boyfriend, we moved out together and how things are going it looks like it might come true. I worked in a phone store and sold a sim card to a guy who killed someone. It took the cops 6 months or so to figure out it was him. 

During that time they interviewed me and asked if i could remember anything about the guy who bought it. The number on the sim was the last number to text her before she was found. 

I wasnt able to remember anything but i gave a statement and that was that. A couple weeks later i was thinking about the case and I was in a half awake/half asleep dream state. I asked kinda subconciously will they catch the guy who killed her. I remember seeing an image of a guy standing in court with a blue jumpsuit on. I remembered it vividly because it was a weird outfit for someone in that situation. 

A few weeks later I see in the paper that they have solved the case and the dude is standing there in his blue jumpsuit. Yeah. I have a quite sad/bad dating history and it was depressing for me at one point that I couldn’t find anyone that would be good for me. It got to a point where I was extremely angry for months at the universe because of this. 
Then one day I had a dream, that I would meet a tall, handsome, dark haired man, with great gentleman manners that I will be in a relationship with. I looked surprised he was so kind to me and I was very happy. A month later I started dating exactly that guy, and I still am. I’m so happy. Constantly All the time. Whatever it is always happens the very next day. Last night I dreamt of making candles. Today was the hottest day of the year and  I had to fix one of my candles because it melted I dreamed of two places I later worked at. These were only a few seconds I remembered and it was akin to deja vu, but I know I dreamed it. And I have seen houses and buildings from dreams here. The dreams tend to be unpleasant and I get a gross feeling when I see somewhere from dreams.  Edit for a word I’ve had many small dreams of things that happened later on. Most of the time it’s me being somewhere at a specific place and something happening. Or it would be parts of a conversation. One time I dreamed of a kickball game I took part in. There were a few familiar faces on my team and some on the other. It also turned out we lost. A week or so later, we play kickball, with some people I know, and lose. This has happened to me more times than I can count. I dreamt that I was telling people I will get vaccine on 12/1! And everyone corrected me “no no no. Your vaccine date is 1/12!” Even the airline tweeted at me telling me my date is 1/12.  Few months later in real life, I got Covid on 1/12 in another country. I dreamt that I was at the wedding of my Swedish friend. I hadn’t seen her in 5 years and hadn’t spoken to her since about 4 irl. In the dream, she was getting married but we couldn’t find the groom. The wedding never happened. 

When I woke up, I decided to text her and visit since it had been so long. I told her my dream and she informed me she broke up with her bf that day I had the dream I had a dream about a tree branch falling and crushing my car, the following day I pulled into my driveway and thought about the dream and pulled into a different spot (more for shits and giggles than anything else) , when I came back out to my car a 9 foot branch was laying in my usual parking spot. My car was completely fine but I came out and just kinda stood there like 😧 I was had a dream my step mom & little sister came to visit (from California) and when i woke up they were actually there😂 I had a dream that my brother shot people from out of his car. I brushed it off. I knew he was hanging with not great ppl but I didn’t think anything of it. 2 weeks later I got a call that my brother shot 2 people (he says it’s self defense which I believe) I have dreamt situations in first person, and thinking by myself, as time pases, i get in a situation where im thinking and doing the same as my dream

Dreams can be months apart or in situations where im not used to be, but somehow i get in the situation and become reallity

I was cooking today (ham&egg) i dont usually cook that, like, it is the first time in about 2 months. In my dream, i was thinking to myself about how much I'm struggling with my job and studies, and that i cannot put 100% focus in none of them, this while cooking ham and eggs. 

There was a point in the reallity where I started to talk internally and complain about time and how i could not focus 100% in none of them, this started with an internal rant cuased by a teacher who made me redo my project.

I have had another situation where i was with a Friend's sister and someone asked about vgetarian food, we were with a Group and in some sort of circle.

 I dont used to go out with her, this was actually the first and only time i did, so, we went out with her friends and then, boom at the end of the night we seated in the back of a pickup truck, gathered in a circle, and a friend of hers start talking about vegetarian food All of my dreams become reality. I will list a few of them

•Moving into my own place (a week after a fight with my narc mom - I moved out and have been on my own ever since) it’s been almost 10years 

•Graduating with Honours 

•Having my place decorated the exact way that I envisioned it 

•Getting my full driver’s licence 

•Traveling solo 

•Meeting people that match my vibration 

•Self publishing my own material 

•Financial stability 

I’ll leave it there. Hope this was helpful. Yeppp…. Dreamt about the university/college I would go to at 21. Was dreaming about it constantly since I was 14. Dreamt about friends and professors I would make at Judson and meet. Dreamt about one of my exes asking me out and dreamt about my boyfriend now. Dreamt about random things about celebrities too like music and babies and weird random things. Dreamt about boring mundane things that come true later on. Dreamt about my uncle passing away. Had my grandma visit me a few times in dreams and give me messages as well. Been happening since I was kid and it for some reason gotten stronger as I got older instead of disappearing like most people experiences. But the thing is I don’t do anything to do practice it to make it stronger just happens. Also I dream about random information about people I shouldn’t know. It’s very weird because I’m only person in my family who has psychic abilities. I’m kind of an odd ball and don’t fit in at all. Last night I dreamt i was with my mom and my ex who cheated on me last lockdown she turned against me fully for him. I moved out she moved him in but dreamt she had a black eye from him last night and it was one of those powerful dreams you wake up with all the emotions running wild stay with you for weeks after. I hope not but also think poetic justice if true. I dreamed she was cheating on me too. 

First dream I was searching for her in my dream I found her but then we parted ways immediately she went off with small group. I went the other way with my small group. To then more dreams like it and guy involved. Weeks later learned there was a new guy and she was totally lost to me. 

If she even needed me though ide help her ide beat him bad show him how much he's ruined me. I'm just waiting to get to family court to get my kids access he controls everything as far as I can tell. She wanted to co parent be freinds just so sorry this happened but is happening. She chooses him after 14yrs. Pulled me inside out. Its been a year now she's already had his baby its just all insane. 


But my mum did this to my step dad too. One night a week before I found out trying to talk to her feeling distant I fold her all about my mums story even though my ex knew that story I reminded her no idea why how she went off and married a psycho who beat her so much she ran 100s of miles to escape him after 17yrs with my step dad and shed beat him he'd take it. Same as me if my ex couldn't win an argument and sure we had many but ide laugh her off once she starts gorilla pounding on me.


But you cant go talking about dreams can you lol. I just hope she knows if she did need me shed only have to ask. She might be a monster to me now but still my girls mom. I dreamt about the Bali bombings a few days before it happened..I was 16? I was in the immediate aftermath of the bombing outside and people were running and freaking out in chaos and there was huge fire lighting up the sky and palm trees. I knew it was something terrible. 

I was so disturbed by the dream I told my mum and sister about it and said I was worried something bad was going to happen. They assured me it was just a dream and maybe tied to anxiety from 9/11

My sister came into my bedroom a few days later and asked me did I remember the dream I had had and I said yes of course why? And she told me a nightclub in Kuta, Bali had been bombed as part of a targeted terrorist attack. I dreamt of COVID 

MH370

Hilary Clinton getting shafted

A few mass shootings, felt like I'd astral travelled to take the place of the victims so their souls were saved so-to-speak, felt the horror, heard the footsteps, the sensation of knowing you're in your final moments. Most make peace with it, or maybe that was me. All the time.  The dreams seem to have a slight ringing to them and a glow which always makes them stand out more.  Anyways, when I was a kid my mom had a new-ish boyfriend and I dreamt that his name wasn’t actually what everyone had been calling him by.  I tried to tell her the next day that “Steven” was using a false name and hiding something.  She didn’t believe me and we ended up in a pretty severe argument whereby she laughed at me because she thought it was a silly dream and I needed to grow up. Fast forward about 6 months and “Steven” was arrested by the US Marshall’s at his place of work.  He’d been on the run from another state for weapons charges and using his brothers identity.  I’ve had predictive dreams my whole life and after that incident my mother always paid close attention to them. Lol. When I finished my official high school exams, I was anxious about the mark and place I would get. I kept having anxious dreams about it all the time. One week before the exam results were out, I dreamt about them, and I saw the name of the student who got the highest mark in the entire district; I saw his full name clearly and the mark he got. In the dream I was sad it wasn't me because I got an average mark compared to his. I was still journaling my dreams back then, so I wrote down the dream I had including his name and his mark when I woke up. One week later, results come out, I pass, average grade, all is good. But another week goes by and it hits me that I still don't know who got the highest mark. I look it up, and sure enough, his name was there along with the mark. I was confused for a second because I was sure I have heard that name before, only how and where? and it instantly hits me, I open the journal and it's the exact same name.. was a strange experience. I've seen my children before they were born.

found things that were misplaced

Witnessed a man getting a DUI even when he wasn't driving.

lots of other unverifiable incidents i had a dream when i was around 6 years old that there was a “bad lady” who was trying to hurt people and i drew a picture of what she looked like and what she was wearing, showed it to my mom and she thought it was strange but we both just forgot about it until like eight months later. i grew up going to church, now i’m a satanist lol, and my mom witnessed the exact woman from my dream wearing the exact outfit i drew on her “attempting to put a curse” on the pastor during the sermon. (i put it in quotation marks because i wasn’t there and that might’ve been an exaggeration) regardless my mom was absolutely shocked that i had dreamt of the same woman months ago. Last week I dreamt my partner was fired from his job-which he started a month and a half ago- he called me the same day to let me know he was fired.

Dreamt he found another better job, 2 days later he finds a job 4 minutes walking from home in front of the beach cooking paella- what he actually loves- and is making a better wage, first day was yesterday
——-

Asides from that I always dream when a relative is dying. Thanks to this my mom could rush to my grandpa’s side before he died If this ever happened life would be bizarre Kinda random, but once I lost my favorite hairbrush, looked everywhere I thought it could be and couldn’t find it. Bought a similar one but it just wasn’t the same. Months later I had a dream where I looked under my dresser and found my hairbrush, woke up, looked under my dresser, and there it was. When I was younger, I had a few premonitions via dreams. I had a dream that my great-grandfather (who I wasn't even close with) was sitting in a completely white room (think of what they show heaven to look like in TV and sitcoms), and when I woke up I found out that he had passed away.

Likewise I had a dream about my childhood cat dying, woke up to find he had also passed away that morning. I also had a dream before my grandfather (different one) died, that he was telling me what day he would pass on. That came to be true. My moms death. I walked into the hospital early in the morning, straight to her room, 5th floor, last bed on the corridor. She was lying surrounded by people wearing all black and were really tall. Then I woke up in tears. 
One year later. Everything happened exactly like my dream. Except for the the people wearing black. Maybe they were there but I couldn’t see them. The genders of both my son and daughter It sounds like your asking these psychics about the future. This indicates that you probably think the future is predetermined in some way or form. This is a misunderstanding.

All the psychics are seeing exactly what they see and interpreting it as best they know how. They aren't lying; they are telling you what they see.

Your expectation that the future is predictable instead of probable is what's causing your confusion.

Next time, ask them about a relationship that you have with someone in present time, like a parent or sibling. "Tell me about my relationship with X."  Often times, this is much more useful to you because the psychics are seeing the energy of your reality, not the energy of all possible futures and telling you about the strongest future energy at that moment. 

And it's also more fun! You don't have to wait to find out if the reading is useful or not. This is generally the result you get when you see many psychics for the same question. The future is always changing and energies can be difficult to interpret..and honestly many psychics misunderstand their capabilities. Did it occur to you that many of them aren't legit? What's so confusing? You don't just believe every stranger who tells you they are psychic. I have spoken to other people during travels, who spoke other languages than I do. At first, I tried to communicate in the small bits of their language which I do know. I quickly realized this was unnecessary as things just automatically translated for each of us. Surprised me. I knew someone who spoke three languages: Spanish as a mother language, and she learnt English during school and learnt Chinese while she lived in China for two years. I once asked her in what languages did she dream and she says it would be random at times but mostly it was, as of the time, in Chinese and I asked her If it was easy or if she had trouble understanding it while asleep as she was not 100%fluent, she could get by in China but not completely fluent, and she told me that her dreams had subtitles! Like it would be in Chinese and there'd be subtitles in English or Spanish! But her English or Spanish dreams never had subtitles in them. I've often heard languages I don't understand in the hypnogogic state. Because I took Spanish in high school I often have random dreams trying to speak it but none of it really makes sense. 😁 a couple of months ago i had a dream where i me and my friend were speaking in korean. when i was dreaming i didn’t realize it but when i woke up i was like -i didn’t know what we were talking about but i know we were speaking in korean- but the thing is korean is not my mother language I don’t remember which was first, I think a cat. But I remember being a cat, and then suddenly being a bird and flying. Next thing I remember I’m me, about a year or so old, and I’m falling off a riding toy splitting my chin open. I don’t remember specifics of the cat & bird- now it’s like a memory of a memory if that makes sense. I know when I was young (under 6) I probably could have given actual details. 

Funny thing is, I’ve yet to meet a cat that didn’t like me. My sister has a cat that’s the biggest asshole to everyone but an absolutely snuggle bug to me. He hisses and scratches anyone who tries to pick him up except me- he scratches lightly if I try to put him down. 
I’m terrified of heights, and falling, but I find flying very peaceful. I loved looking out the window and seeing all that openness below me. 
These are probably just coincidental but I think it’s interesting. You should read many lives many masters. Reincarnation is something I’ve always believed in and reading it through that lens and no skepticism was really cool. In regards to your question about genetics, my opinion and would say is that your soul chose everything about your path including “random” genetics. I believe there’s a lot less free will than we like to think. I’m kind of new to spiritually and stuff, but I think there’s a 95% chance reincarnation is true. I’ve heard so  many stories about kids knowing their past lives and all the details they said about a person they were in their past life ended up to be true it’s a very complex thing, as if unavoidable. i read it somewhere that in order to reincarnate, you must have no connections to the material world. how does one achieve such a thing? in this life, i’m on the search for answers :) I do believe in reincarnation. I know several people that have recollections or were able to see their past lives Some people have recollections. There's a show on Netflix about kids who remember and most of what they remembered was able to be verified. I watched a YouTube video last night about a woman who remembers being incarnated that was interesting. It's just the way this strange universe works. If you haven't found the answer inside, others who have can help.   We have all lived countless lives starting at the smallest bacterial level. We have maneuvered through the animal kingdom up to this point - consciously aware. Now it is time to graduate from the physical by burning any karmic tendencies we may hold. It could take many lifetimes or it could be done in an instant. Surrender. Let go of all attachment to this physical world. Understand that everything is in motion, constant change. Nothing ever stops, nothing ever stays. From family members to material items.  Habits and tendencies create karma. Karma is not a balance of right and wrong, good bad etc... Karma is attachment... And attachment is the cement that glues you to rebirth. If you want to break the cycle, be consciously aware in every moment. Surrender. Let go, be free. I asked my mentor why he was so able to be entirely care free and without stress, worry anxiety he said that he has lived life successfully thousands of times, this is one of my first times living an 'aware life' but that I was already impressive in my strength "It’s interesting that we have no recollections of our past lives."

What makes you think that's true? The U.S. threatened sanctions against China if they interfered with the Dalai Lama’s reincarnation..It was nestled in 2020 Covid Package Trump signed. No one knows for sure.
I am starting to believe that there are generational curses of abusive cycles within family units.
I also don't think that all members of a family in one life time will keep it going, like your grandparent becomes your grand child. I think it does go this way often but you can connect with karmic souls and soul mates in other ways. It's not always going to be blood relations.
You can be sent different karmics, it's only really the soul mates you need to connect with in each life time. As a soul contract goes. 
However when you regard the ancestral spirits, it does seem that what you give to others as a member of the family, you will get back in return, in one way or another.
The good and bad intentions will balance out as the energy has to find balance. I don’t believe in reincarnation but in Akashik files : a common memory of every that was lived.  And I prefer solidarity : we are all connected and make progress , received blessing for each other. when we choose selfishness, it is bad for all humanity (and creation) but it can be cured by love. A priest once told me that it can be the devil who’s putting those memories into the minds of children since it knows peoples pasts. I however still have my questions and doubts  🤷‍♀️ THERE GOES THE LAST GREAT AMERICAN DYNASTY! in a room of her own. I see it less as levels and more as a house with different floors and rooms on each floor; (e.g. main floor is psychic as a whole but basement is clairaudience. In the basement you have multiple rooms that showcase different aspects of clairaudience, some doors will just be open and you can just walk in and access. Some are closed but unlocked, you just need to be willing to open the door and step in to see what's ahead and most doors are locked, you have a key that opens most doors meaning you can train some of these abilities but they may not be something you just have automatic access to and some doors the key won't open the lock no matter what, these are skill you just aren't able to access.) Yeah there is so many different types of psychics. And even amongst different types you got different levels of this psychic ability. It's matching energy and permission. Being in close proximity to psychics creates more permission for your own abilities to open and flex a little bit. 

The part where you see the same thing the psychic is seeing is matching energy with their crown chakra and yours. 

That's the mechanism that the energy uses to create the experiences you describe. Culturally, there are a lot of different ways these same experiences get described, and often times the descriptions have nothing to do with the actual mechanism. 

But it's not scary, even when it scares you and you scream. It's just matching energy with permission to see energy and spirit. The most impressive tk demo I’ve seen (which is also completely unverifiable) was a pen being rolled across a table, and the woman who did it was totally exhausted after. Everything else I’ve seen or done my self is on an incredibly small scale like knocking a tiny piece of paper over. It’s basically an inconsistent parlor trick at best. A waste of time really. 

If you’re really set on it, the idea is to remove the false mental barrier of separation between you and the object. It should feel like an extension of you in the same way as your hand or foot does. Then you just move it. It takes deep concentration and a lot of energy. [removed] A LOT of meditating. You basically need to get to the levels where you're literally feeling energy and can form energy balls.

You can then use that energy harnessed and control it and move small objects. It takes quite a bit of work but is interesting nonetheless. Practice, it's not easy to do, it took me weeks to get a can rolling. I invite Archangel Michael, who has authority over all entities and demons.

Let's him handle it.

Peace! .The crystal jet is an awesome protective black crystal. I wear a bracelet of it on the left because that’s the receiving side. 
. Humming
. Chanting
. Sage
. Palo santo
. Fill your space with loving light
. Silver crosses
. don’t feed it any energy/ as if it didn’t exist
. Visualize healing imagery over area of discomfort/ tense area.
. Remember your power/ energy
You are the captain.
. Wearing all white
. Prayer
And yes praying to arch angel Michael
. Ask higher self to leave answers on what to do.
. Hide aura? Sometimes I visualize a invisibility cloak.
. Call back your energy
. Protective symbols, wearing them, sometimes I wave the sage into different symbols, visualizing the symbol all around. 

Good luck hope this helps 
You got the power!🐥✨🌞 The description sounds like a parasite.  Do you happen to be experiencing a specific emotion more so than you usually do? There are some people I don’t want to be next to because I feel my energy being zapped just by being near them. However, if I’m grounded and consciously protecting my energy, it’s not as bad. Could be a few different things going on there to be honest. 

First instinct was an energy vampire. They will drain your energy in the same way we think of vampires draining blood from their victims - hence the name. Shielding & blocking helps, avoiding them as much as possible helps more. 

But the anxiety bit? Sometimes that just happens with people we just aren’t on the same wavelength with, their energy clashes with ours to make us feel unsettled or anxious around them. Or feeling that anxiety, it could be your own intuition warning you to stay away from this person. On some level you know they/their intentions towards you, aren’t so good, and maybe even dangerous. That’s a gut instinct that should always be listened to IMHO. If someone makes you feel scared, unsettled, on edge or anxious, for whatever reason, listen to that feeling and keep your distance from them as much as you can. 

The ‘taking out’ of information could be any number of psychic abilities the person also has, or it could just be the mannerisms or characteristics they have that aren’t psychic in nature at all…. An old psychology trick is to keep quiet around people and let them do the talking (as most people want to fill the silence so talk). Not remotely psychic in nature but incredibly effective at getting information from people and quite manipulative too. It just sounds like empathy. My vibration drops a lil whenever I come into contact with people. Most people vibrate at very low levels so this phenomenon is pretty common for empaths.

Nobody can "steal" or "manipulate" your energy without your permission. We're all connected, so it may feel like they're doing something, but they're really not. You just gotta stay up on your energy practice. I see There's no such thing as "death" imo; only transition. My cousin, who is definitely more like my twin brother, feels this way on occasion. And while it’s not a “depressive state” (bc he has had those…. Frequents them as well as manic episodes sometimes. He’s conscious of those, even!) but imo, its because I believe he ultimately feels…. *Useless.* Void of a purpose and no true responsibility to anything that exists. No children…. A s/o or spouse would still soldier on once hes gone, and animals too would be taken care of if he was to suddenly die. 

He doesnt *want to die* but he says “I dont necessarily want to be here, either.” It may just be as complicated and as simple as this… you have to find what your “purpose” is. 

Depending on your personal beliefs, there are teachings/ religions that believe that you live and die multiple times, right? Reincarnation…. And every life is meant for the spirit or soul to “learn” something, and to ultimately “pass a test” of sorts. 

It could be that your lesson or purpose has not revealed itself in this life cycle…. And maybe, your existence this time around is meant to help *another spirit* with their journey. (I firmly believe there are some things we go through that can be especially difficult and we say “damn why me??!” And to that, my response is **“sometimes the lesson isnt meant for you.”**

Ending your life cycle prematurely may make that lesson to be learned impossible for the spirit it was meant for…. And could be detrimental to the growth of your own life cycle…

Lots of deep “ifs” I know, but it does indeed make me wonder some days. And I read your “not a cry for help” as genuine, but if you were to take your thoughts to a level beyond just the discussion, Id highly suggest finding an unbiased voice to help with those thoughts. 💕 yes, i would be okay to go right now :) Yes, though I do read a lot about NDEs and have had many spiritual experiences myself. I did have an NDE too but as I was being pulled towards the light, I quickly realized I was dead and immediately went back to my body. I knew it was not my time. Death is just the final point of your experience. Something that gives this experience sense, since with infinite time we would end up doing all the choices we want, so wouldn't be crucial to make decisions or aim for something instead of something else. After years I don't fear death anymore for two main reasons: I know is not the end and I am doing what I really want to do in this lifetime. We could die any moment for any reason, but if you do all the time what you really want and matters for you will be always ok to go: is impossible to accomplish everything we hope for, but I don't waste a second Honestly that's my regular view on it. I've lived a good life, I've helped a lot of people in their darkest times. When my time comes, I will greet death like a long lost friend. Yes I'm ok with dying just now.. I've given up on myself and people make me angry I don't want to die but I haven't been afraid of dying for at least 7 years now. For a while I was totally Blaise about my mortality. But now I have 3 pets that depend on me and when I think of dying on my way home from work I get sad that no one will be able to take care of them (not exactly true but the fact they depend on me makes me care a little bit more about making it home alive) lmao. Yeah writing all this out makes me sound a bit disturbed but *shrugs* I don’t fear death at all but I’d be bummed if I died because there’s so much I still want to experience. That being said, the feeling of not feeling connected or indifferent about living or dying can be caused by a lot of things, when that happens for me it’s due to not being adequately grounded. You need to ground your energy and tether to earth, you’re energy is likely in the clouds. The clouds is a pleasant place to be, but the ground is where you get the full human experience. I'm not only okay with dying, I've been looking forward to it since I was a child. Just because I believe I will get concrete *answers* upon death. Most of what I'm doing here, is blindly guessing and connecting dots.


Still, nobody's taking me out before my time. Absolutely. And trust me, this feeling is very distinct from feeling suicidal. The difference lies between having respect and appreciation for death as a force, vs craving death as a means of escape. I see death as something to not fear, but something to look forward to without rushing towards. I was really sick and near death at age 17. I told my mother I wasn't afraid of dying, just afraid of what I'd miss out on. I am very sad because I lost someone close to me- and I don’t. Feel like I can go on alone

My heart aches- I look forward to leaving this world- and hope I never have to come back because it’s difficult here

I hope the after life is better than this real life Definetly don't end your life. If you feel suicidal, please seek help and talk to someone. I don't fear death, but I don't want to end my life.  The two are very different. 

But to answer your question: yes. I was stabbed and it hit an artery and I thought I was going to die. But I felt weirdly calm and okay with it. I survived....or did i? Muhahaha! A cop saved my life. The EMS couldn't come to the scene until the police cleared it. The first cop on the scene said, "fuck that", threw me in his car, and coded to the ambulance. I will be forever grateful to him. 

FYI I was bouncing out of a club when this happened. A guy assaulted a woman, and I was dragging him out when he stabbed me. In the neck. 

But yeah, I can now totally relate to that feeling. Death doesn't scare me personally, but it makes me worried for those I would leave behind. And I have no feelings of wanting to take my own life. I'm going to enjoy it while I have it. You sound extremely depressed and like you're oppressing yourself. Is there nothing you want to do? Nothing you enjoy doing? 

It sounds like deep inside you definitely feel things, you've just told yourself they're not okay and denied them. If you want to die, there are definitely reasons. Why aren't you being honest with yourself? to be, or not to be…. You are here to experience life. If it is generally tolerable, just keep going. Death/transition will happen eventually anyway <3 Yes. I've almost died a few times and it wasn't bad at all. Even when there was a lot of suffering to get me there. Dying was the easy part. It is quite peaceful. One night I felt very sick and laid down on my bed. I remember feeling like I was going to die and this feeling of bliss washed over my body. I went to sleep thinking "if I die, that's okay". I thought maybe I was crazy until my husband said he felt the same exact thing around the same time.  Clarity of awareness it is what it is.  Now what?   Is that all the enlightenment you want?  Can you expand further and get better insights?  Yes you can and here is where it is at.       Happiness  does not serve survival.  Happiness comes and goes.  Practices last, purpose is there.  Purpose gives you drive. To spark that, one should practice compassion.  Therein lies a multitude of things to be done.   Conscious detachment should be discerned as something different from apathy and depression.       Aversion is as much a problem as attachment is.
I kept going.  I keep going.  Choosing purposes daily.  Compassion for all ,lol, even shaking my fist at some. I think it depends on your age. If you're having these thoughts at 70 well okay. If you're 20; something is amiss. 


As a suicide survivor, professional psychic reader, and someone who has dx'd OCD & severe generalized anxiety; I would say that it isn't the intentional function of the body to operate in the opposite of survival mode.



survival is written in our DNA and that's why people fight so hard to live. 


so when things are like 'I'm ready to die...' again as somebody who has, you know... dealt with "mental health issues" in the past, I would say that it's possible that you could be having some type of depressive episode that you're not aware of. 


You remind me of a client of mine that I had, and about a year later he ended up ending his life. I met him here on Reddit, in this forum, and his message started out almost exactly the same as yours. 



So I would encourage you to seek some therapy or counseling from someone who is trained to diagnose mental health issues because your brain is VITAL! 


What I learned losing my client is that human beings do not reach out for help soon enough because we think we can handle everything on our own. We can't. There's nothing wrong with getting some help. 


You might not even think there's anything wrong, but **apathy** is a symptom of some disorders like OCD. 



Sorry if seems intense. After he died, I vowed to never again try to spiritualize mental health issues, and direct people to get help. I  am also in therapy. Nothing wrong with it. 


❤️ As a mom of four children, death is not on my radar. 


I don't think about it anymore. I've made peace with the contract being the contract. I do not want to know my Exit Plan. 


I plan on living until I'm super old and then hopefully they'll have developed technology to greatly extend people's lives over the next 50 years, and if that's the case,  I'm in like Flynn baby! I'll take *all the chips* and everything cuz Immortality? bring it on! 


I would like to do a bunch of things, and if I could die whenever I wanted that would be awesome. 


Otherwise, I just want to live til I'm super old and I want to see as much of my family generation line play out as possible.


I want to see what my kid's kids look like, and if I'm old enough to see their kids- that would be amazing and I want to be around long enough to make an impression on the world and on my family, definitely. 


I don't fear death. I'm not scared to die. nothing like that, but I definitely want to live till I'm at least one hundred.


No one gets out alive. We're definitely not special in that any of us gets to escape death. However if there's a way to extend it so that I could have another hundred years like I would totally take that in a heartbeat. Yes, I am a very happy person and have a fulfilled life.  For all of that I have faced death many times and no longer fear the transition.   

I also don't just mean I have come close to dying, which I have; but I have also seen the specter of death when it came for a young woman I worked with. Maybe you had time issues in previous employment and that maybe creeping into your present day. Could it be a sign you need to move on or acknowledging you want to lay down roots as time is passing you by?
The smells could be there to take you to certain time and place as we have certain fragrance we associate with certain places or people. Dig deep within and feel what your sensing in your mind when you get these feelings as your very first impressions are often what you need to take notice of and ask yourself what are you trying to show me.  Don't let your mind race as it often tries to make sense of what you are sensing and you loose that first impression Clairalience means clear smelling. 
This is being able to smell odors that don't have any kind of physical source. Instances of this could include smelling the perfume or the cigarette smoke of a deceased relative, used as a sign of their presence around us. When our sense of smell is strong and distinct, we may find that certain smells connect us to past memories or we may be drawn to working as a florist, a wine taster or a perfume fragrance creator. Anyone has the sense to detect energy.  You don't necessarily have to practice reiki to pick up on energy.
If you look ant the outline of most things you can see the energy around it, don't really focus on and give it a soft gaze and you will be able to sense the e energy around the object.  I worked with wind turbines and I could see the glow of energy around them just from gazing at them It’s just like a muscle. Some people are born with stronger abilities while others have to work it out. Why are some people naturally better at basketball?

Why are some people naturally better at chess?

Why are some people naturally better at dancing? I believe it's due to a few reasons.  How many incarnations you have been through and your purpose being here in this life,  how open you are to spirit and has trauma caused you to block yourself?
Sometimes we get that wrapped up in our own lives and what's going on we simply can't see the wood for the trees.  In short we all have the ability, but some open up more than others because everyone is programmed and walked through life in many different ways ANYONE can experience this phenomena in the right brainwave state, in response to a weak magnetic field around the brain. Magnetism is an intrinsic property of consciousness itself. You have millions of magnetite crystals in your brain, and when your brain is in a state of hemispheric coherence, your brain is more capable of perceiving non-local/psychic information. 

I think you will find some good research on this through the work of the neuroscientist Michael A Persinger (RIP) and his team, among them Dr Todd Murphy who has an excellent YouTube channel with video lectures on this topic. 
Dr Persinger studied this phenomena for decades before he died. Dr Todd Murphy continues this work. 

All human brains are capable of receiving extra sensory information. When you are conscious/alert and awake, your brain operates on a higher frequency brainwave than when you’re sleeping/meditating/dreaming. Psychic phenomena studied in Persinger’s lab found that the 7-7.8hz frequency was typically the frequency in which psychic phenomena was experienced and could be observed in the lab. 

If you entrain your brainwaves to that frequency, the “binding factor” of your consciousness is disrupted and your brain is then sensitive to be aware of electromagnetic signals from other areas (outside of the brain), i.e, “non local information” aka psychic phenomena. Your brain is capable of this because it is full of magnetite crystals. Even though you may not be able to identify what a magnetic field “feels” like, you would be affected by it, regardless. 

The “binding factor” is simply the frequency we typically operate on, which allows us to believe that we are separate individuals and our consciousness is inside our body. Disrupt the signal and that changes. 

All magnetic fields are connected, so, if your brain is in coherence with the Schumann resonance, your brain may become aware of all kinds of information throughout the whole magnetic field. Again, ALL magnetic fields being connected (all conscious creatures, throughout earth’s magnetic field) would mean you could access more information from more places than you could imagine.

What’s really cool is that you can build technology, pretty affordable, that can entrain your brain to that frequency and experience this even if you may not otherwise consider yourself to be psychic. It uses a programmed Arduino, and a copper coil around a halo, runs off a program and a 9v battery, and is no more powerful than stereo headphones.

That being said, I wouldn’t consider myself or my mom to be psychic people, and the first time we used this technology she was able to ACCURATELY remote view and correctly identify a simple drawing I had made. I also attempted to read her thoughts, and approximated a representation of what she was thinking of (a butterfly). Both of us are completely new to these kind of experiences, and we are finding that it feels much more like our imagination, than what it actually is. We will be conducting further experiments to see how far we can develop our abilities and train ourselves to become more psychic. I personally believe that we each come here on a mission to do and learn certain things. Some people didn’t come here to experience those abilities but to experience other things this world has to offer. No one is better than one another, just on different journeys. That’s my simplified take on it at least. Some have more neural connections in their brain. Specifically a region of the brain called the caudate putamen. Everyone is psychic. Some have some resemblance of control over it.  Others rationalize low probability events and never really question where the information came from. Because their energy fields, bodies and minds have a different structure. Different is not better, is often worse in this case. Simply put; we are all unique. Each of us has something that we excel at more than most all others, as it should be. I'm sure you would agree you have an ability that's stronger/more developed than your others. Focus on the one that comes easily to you. I believe that ability is the one you will excel at as you are meant to. 💜 I feel like some people have pure intentions so their third eye and heart chakras arent blocked It comes with a price. The less-psychic people def romance the idea, however, the ability to peer behind the vail is more like a burden that few acknowledge (it mostly manifests as mental illness), and even fewer are able to turn into something productive that can actually help others. People have had many lives to learn many different kinds of karmic lessons.
As the soul gets older and learns more, the spiritual growth strengthens.
Some people move towards their higher self to the higher vibrational state and will be more receptive to the influences of spirit.
If our souls choose to descend, fail to learn lessons, and repeat life mission cycles, then those souls will struggle to connect with spirit. Genetic disposition may have something to do with it.  Divine blood and breeding or incarnations of Deities.  That would be the simplest answer.  It's been said the genetic difference between a spiritual person and an atheists perception is genetic as well and may relate to the penial gland, some people do not really have these.  I do not know if that's true but with be a logical understanding to the difference in our perception and reception to the universe. Awareness of information and energy is a study and pratice. 
Some come into the world more inclined to it, some work a bit to get it. 

It just depends on if you want it or reject it 
Muscles are muscles, lile top comment said 👌 [removed] Why are some ppl better at art then others? My self esteem has decreased after reading the comments :/ 

I feel like Mirabel from Encanto lol The same reason some people are naturally more athletic than others I’m someone who’s been  psychic since a child and my abilities haven’t really waned when I became an adult. As a child, I would talk to my grandfather that passed away & I knew facts about him that I shouldn’t of because I never met him in person. As a teenager, I could go to someone’s house and the lights would turn on or you could see “spirit people” in their house (especially when it’s my first time coming there). I even had friends that passed away when I was a teenager & they would come visit me & they would talk to me as if were having a conversation in real life. They would talk to me as if they didn’t die & like we are having a conversation as friends. My door would open and close all night & at some point I dropped out of school because I couldn’t handle my gifts. Did I ask for these gifts? Not exactly, but I couldn’t turn it off so I adapted to the gifts. When I was a teenager, I thought it was a bad thing because I experienced things like my bed levitating in the air, spirits jumping on phone calls with me talking to friends, spirits appearing in pictures & having panic attacks because I continued to see things. There was even a time, I went to visit my uncle for the first time in Georgia & I saw three different spirits in a room and the next day I was able to take a picture of one in these rainbow colors. 

I truly think some people are born with the gifts & didn’t necessarily ask for it but we are all intuitive in our own ways. I am basing this on my own experience & I think some people can enhance their psychic abilities and start their spiritual journey later on in life. Honestly, I think when you start your journey later in life or enhance the abilities on your own, it’s really nice because you are ready and welcoming that awakening. When you are born with it, it can be quite frightening at such a young age & times when you’re very vulnerable (like depression or times of sadness- negative spirits can be attracted to your energy. 

I think this topic is more dynamic & there are more factors than we think. I  particularly disagree with anyone giving concrete answers because there isn’t a yes or no or specific path to this. Psychics from all levels are all human at the end of the day & have their own opinions on this topic. Claiming to be an expert can be somewhat close minded. I would love to encourage everyone to share their experiences and knowledge so we can all learn from each other. Ive always known I'm psychic because I have had very significant experiences throughout my entire life but at the age of 31 I stopped taking drugs and meditated every day for 5 hours for 3 weeks straight and I had a profound shift in my abilities where I became fully telepathic and the occult and psychic information I have received has been mind blowing but it has also been very difficult. There are many malicious telepaths who work for the Ideological Satanists that control the built world. Anyway, another factor is age. For me it manifested in my late 20s and early 30s. Worthiness and purity of intent Because they are more aware. Some people are born with it more pronounced than others, *but* you can also either let that skill fall by the wayside **or** keep practicing so you get better at it. 


Case in point: in our family the whole legend is that "only the oldest daughter is the psychic". That's just not true. My younger sister and aunt also have psychic powers to some extent but they haven't developed them as much because of self limiting beliefs that they didn't inherit much in terms of clairsentience and clairvoyance. Also they call it "the most useless psychic power ever". My mom (also the eldest daughter) has more pronounced powers but she never developed them because she didn't know how (and also is wicked religious). 


Tl;dr: everyone has them and it doesn't matter what extra power ups you're born with if you don't spend time developing your gifts. I had a few psychic experience, especially a premonition about a co-worker's brain tumor that expressed poetically 10 days before the event. There were a few other remarkable events (see the cat events in Astral Projection in my history). I figured hey, I seem to have a gift, so started researching psi. The main thing I found that I could literally cultivate and quantify was remote viewing. I started with RV Tournament and proved that I can see the future (you concentrate on a 8-digit code & draw what comes to you, the actual photo is released next day). I'm now enrolled in an RV curriculum. The other thing that seems quantifiable is Radionics and I'm working towards that. Lastly PENDULUMS are awesome!!! It enables you to speak with your subconscious which is a direct line to the superconscious & knows all. Practically nobody communicates with their SC which is really like a conjoined twin & is where all psi comes from. Some of us are born that way In Destiny of Souls, Dr. Newton says that star seeds (alien-human hybrid souls, originating from a planet other than earth but now living on earth) usually have a greater psychic ability due to their original species in a past life reaching a higher intelligence level than most earth-originating humans have reached degree of calcification of the pineal gland and vitamin k2 deficiency. starseeds I think it has to do with empathy/ emotional intelligence… some people have lots, others don’t It’s taken you years to develop yours? Mine just dropped on me one day as if something cracked open my third eye with an ice pick! How do these things happen? Yep!  Definitely psychic, not crazy. Sorry for your loss. 

How to take control? Be patient. Practice. Be more patient.

Try this. Sit in a chair. Close your eyes. Take a deep breath. Feet flat on the floor. Hands separated and resting palms up on each thigh.

Create a grounding cord. This is a line of energy that connects your first chakra to the center of the planet. Your first chakra is a ball of energy about the size of a quarter that sits just in front of the base of your spine. Your grounding cord attaches to the bottom of that ball of energy.

Grounding makes your body feel safe, so you release energy more easily. Gravity pulls whatever you release, even your own energy, down to the center of the planet. No effort on your part. The center of the planet neutralizes the energy and returns it to whoever owns it. No karma for anyone. A virtuous cycle.

Nearly everyone goes to connect to the center of the planet the first time but stops at the soil, often making roots like a tree. This is a method that is taught in some martial arts styles, but it is not the best option for your spiritual development and healing.

So, notice the seat of your chair. Take a deep breath. Notice the distance between the seat and the floor. Now notice the distance between the floor and the soil below. Breathe.

Now notice the distance between the soil and the water table underneath. Notice the distance between the water table and the rocky mantle. Notice the distance between the mantle and the molten core below that. Deep breath.

Notice the distance between the molten core and the center of the planet. That ball of light at the very center of the planet is where you connect your grounding cord. Deep breath.

Say hello to the center of the planet. Do you get a hello back?

Notice the color and texture of your grounding cord. It may look like a line of energy, or look like something physical; a rope, a wire, a pipe, a tree trunk. Adjust it as needed to be in affinity with your body.

Getting this far means you've already released some energy from your aura and body. Now it is time to fill in the space that was created.

Create a gold sun over your head. Have it call back all of your energy from wherever you left it throughout your day and week. Work. School. Online meetings. Video games. Your fantasies about your future. Your regrets about your past. Wherever you've placed your attention. Just watch the energy come back and see if you notice where it came from.

Have the sun burn up and neutralize your energy. Then bring the sun into the top of your head. It will automatically flow into the spaces you created. Create a gauge to measure when you're full. Like a fuel gauge or oil gauge. You'll run better if you aren't a few quarts low on spiritual oil. If the gauge doesn't read "Full", bring in another gold sun.

Open your eyes, bend over and touch the floor, draining any tension from the back of your neck, then stand up, and stretch.

There is a progression with this technique. After grounding for ten minutes a day for a week or two, notice your grounding cord at the very end, while you're standing with your eyes open. Continue to ground with your eyes open and standing, and bring in another gold sun. Each day, increase the amount of time that you ground standing up with your eyes open.

After a week or two practicing this, add walking while grounded. Just notice your grounding cord as you walk. Say hello to the center of the planet while you walk. Bring in a gold sun while you walk.  If you lose your grounding cord, stop walking and recover it. If you have to, sit back down and close your eyes and create a new grounding cord.

After this, you're ready to take your grounding cord with you into your daily life. Shopping. Getting coffee. Wherever you go, you can ground. This, combined with a little amusement about seeing new things on an energy level, will keep you safe and sound.

Now that you're here, at the end of your grounding meditations, create a gold sun over your head. This time, fill it with your highest creative essence, your present time growth vibration, and your affinity for yourself. The first energy is a healing for you. The second is a healing for your body. The third is a healing for your affinity in your fourth chakra.

Bend over and touch the floor. Stand up and stretch. If you're ready for more, sit back down and ground some more. Otherwise, have a nice day!

Note that every image you imagine, the gold sun, the grounding cord, the center of the planet, your first chakra, your body parts, is exercising your clairvoyance. You may be imagining what your tailbone looks like, but you're also creating the image of your tailbone and reading its energy. This is practicing your clairvoyant ability. To answer the last question, meditation has made the biggest difference for me. I think that’s the best place to start It could be your past life. The civilization we currently live in could be rebuilding from the fall of an ancient civilization that was far beyond advance than is now. That's interesting, you went to a whole different dimension lol That very interesting maybe a vision of the future So cool :) These are energy centers that work as blueprints of building blocks. Just like a carpenter would have a blueprint to build a house. The consciousness has blueprints to create energy patterns that would fit the psychic-laws or rules. 

Just like a house can have a basement, a first floor, an attic, a yard, etc. The main consciousness can create a reality of its own with these energies. Google images [deleted] Are you expecting a lot of research evidence in one of the responses? Hey I was also having p vivid dreams while I was smoking. I've been clean for a little over a month now and the dreams just got way crazier and I can recollect many details. Highly recommend. I still miss weed sometimes but I am very proud of myself for having gotten this far and the dreams have made sobriety all the more worthwhile. And entertaining. And insightful I do.

I have no advice lol.

I just take it as it comes.

I've seen no pattern or correlation to any of them this far. I have some visions that come true I just have 2 psychic abilties dont worry about it too much. the mind serves as your interface for all phenomena—both visions seen from external objects and visions arising from internal circumstances. They just come at weird times. Ive seen visions that haven’t happened yet so idk what they symbolise I had one while driving down a busy highway once.  I was taken out of the vehicle ( obviously just in my mind) but I no longer persieved the road. Instead I was right in the midst of two visions that unfolded infront of me. 

I am not sure how long they lasted but when  I was again perceiving the road I was safe and still driving at highway speed.   If you want to discuss your visions. I am happy to listen. Feel free to message me. Just watch that’s so raven lol. She was a psychic who got visions Ever had a daydream with your eyes open? Somewhat similar, though I’ve never given another being control over the meat puppet. This is more of an active conscious mind and silencing the intellect mind to a level that certain thoughts of a certain frequency are impressed. It takes a type of conditioning. The condition is carried along with a desire to achieve the open channeling. Premonition. They're also called "precognitive." Approach spirituality as if coincidences don't exist, or very rarely. Otherwise, everything is just "coincidence" and you get into this closed-minded scientific materialism viewpoint. Your gifted❤️ This is happened to me, too. My mom also jokes about having psychic abilities sometimes lol, and I've had similar things where I have a strong feeling that ends up being true, even if there is evidence against it until it happens, or in my dreams I will have premonitions or remember signfiicant details that happen IRL later. I think it's up to you to figure out what to do with this info. 

For your boyfriend, you could tell him that you had a dream and ask him to be careful. If he were to have something bad happen to him, then that warning could either help him prevent being in that situation or prevent the situation from being worse. I think of it as similar to the call of the void, that feeling that when you're standing over a rail and you think "I could jump off this right now" but you don't. Phsyiologically, this is built into human brains so that we are aware and DON'T put ourselves in danger, and this type of warning could help your boyfriend.

Personally, I had a strong dream last night that my friend and her new husband announced their divorce. I woke up in a cold sweat, tried to relax, and then fell back asleep only to have the same dream but stronger again. This morning I texted my friend to ask her how she was because I had a dream about her. I didn't tell her what the dream was because I don't want to cause unnecessary worry, but I wanted to check in with her. You could do something similar, too. Tell your boyfriend you had a worrisome dream and to be careful, no specific details unless you feel it's important to share. Same with other people, although it's harder to do this for strangers like the little boy.

Sending you love and light <3 I’ve had a similar situation aswell! I had a dream I was at work stacking a particular shelf and I woke up and thought Lol that was bizarre. Come a few weeks later I’m actually stacking that same shelf, and get déjà vu from that moment in my dream. right after that we had an armed robbery Just because someone reaches out to you, doesn’t mean you owe them a response, or even an acknowledgement, especially if they/the relationship was toxic. 

Take the control back and pre-empt it - Block them all, especially if they’re no good for you. I agree with voodoo, practice boundary setting with people who you don't vibe with. Block and walk away.  Lots of toxicity online, too. You don't... you work on setting boundaries better, and not interacting with toxic people. That's purely your fault. I’m dealing this this too, thank you for sharing!Yeah, I like what others are saying about more boundary setting and energetic cord cutting. I’m still sifting out some energetic cords that have been draining me for too long Make it stop? What you have is a gift for you to use. What you want is more control and that comes with repetition, practice and resolve. Remove the energy cords and finally move on because thoughts can reconnect you to their energy. Also it may not be YOU doing this, but THEM! Nah don’t just channel it. If you want to make it stop it’ll be hard to make it happen again. Enjoy your gift. First of, you put energy into something, it will become more present in your reality. You can't really think about people without attracting the energy of them. You better think of something else, something you want to manifest into your reality.

Now, do you really want to stop it though? I find it kinda cool the manifestation process you described, not everyone has all this manifestation power. Not saying it is good, but I don't think it is bad either. You can surely extract the sweet juices of it. 

&#x200B;

About toxic people, I don't really know how you feel about it, but sometimes people change to the better, not saying you should listen to everyone, but it is a possibility. Now, if you really want to cut these people off from your life you gotta stop putting energy in this chord. The more you think about someone, the more this someone is present in your life.  
You can try a chord cutting meditation to get rid of thos unwanted energetic chords. If your into magic/spell casting you could also try a chord cutting spell, just search for it on reddit or google, there are tons of tutorials on how to do that. Wear a veil Your comment reminds me of a time in my life when I knew there was no fully ever going back to "making it stop". This may not apply to you but thought induction(malicious telepaths placing thoughts in your head leading to a chain of thoughts you think and possible actions) is a huge thing in the world right now. How in the world do you do that? the perception of time can be altered with numerous drugs, endogenous and exogenous. dmt is naturally occurring at time of death. caffeine, for instance, dilates time in my experience. I recently had a dream on this and this is what I was told. You can. Gravity - changes time, they showed me our solar system and how the gravitational dips around the planets bend light and time. Then they zoomed in on my life and showed me where i had placed “gravitational weight” on my own time frame. They showed that i was spacing my memorable moments too far apart. (by years) If i needed time to slow i need to give attention to each and every moment i am thankful for throughout the day. (Be just as thankful for your morning shower as you were thankful for Graduating HS for example) and  It’s worked tbh. I can spend a whole day accomplishing seriously 500% more activities than i used too. The trick is to pay attention to the moment in front of me and be thankful for it and move forward onto the next. Without even thinking about it time has tremendously slowed. If you put your attention(focus) on an event to the future you will begin to drift towards it in an increasing time frame as well. So stay present and focus on the task and your enjoyment of the MOMENT. I'm sure some can You do it by more fully experiencing the present moment with your senses, then time slows down. If you withdraw your attention to a fantasy or less detail of your environment than time speeds up. Humans can control time perception. And humans can control body temperature . Because we’re not mature enough to handle it. Some people would abuse their power! I'm pretty sure some people can. Actually I’ve learned this ability. I’ll take out a stopwatch on my phone, hit start, and as the numbers count I’ll “play with” the interval between numbers. I haven’t done anything too crazy yet but I’ve altered my perception to make time pass ~ 20% slower and ~ 40% faster than usual Belief One could say we have been evolving to speed up time at will, but at great cost to our happiness. 

If you look in to Zen, it is all about meditating to slow down time and experience happiness in the moment. 

I once became so intensely focused that I was noticing every hair on my arms. No drugs involved.

But as soon as we are at a boring job or whatever, our instinct is to speed up time to get it over with. It's the opposite of Zen, really. If you have a job you don't like it can start to seem like the days merge together and you start to feel depressed. You can do this a little bit like getting through the work day faster by keeping busy, not looking at the clock, keeping it fun.

Time seems to slow down when you are doing something you hate. Or you are in agony. 

Certainly taking drugs can alter you perception of time alot. Research time dilation, it was proven in the Einstein era that something moving faster experiences time more quickly. Ever heard the saying 'time flies when you're having fun,' ya well you can and do experience time dilation, and you can slow time down by staring at the clock watching each second. Hi my friend! Answering your questions in “my own XP”.
Humans can. I have “slowed” the time at will in my own time/space for “quite some time” now.
Perception, “timeless”. Stopped/Slowed. 
No drugs involved. 
Haven’t tried to speed it up yet. Not needed. But I can only imagine something kind of like “Jumper” the movie. There is so much info. I believe it’s somewhat a highly vibrational state you can reach at some point. Have experienced it myself somehow but stopped trying then again is something I don’t want to right now and few other things.
We “will” evolve “at will”. Our bodies are perfect and were made for that and so much more.

Train your eyes with light. Start with a small candle in a dark room for a few minutes a day. One eye first. Then the other one. (Cover gently one with your hand). Meditate while at it. Then both eyes. Then one and the other and so on…
Focus on the flame at first, then slowly move on to the light. 
That will help with some of the “current” eye’s diseases as well. 
But for starters, drink “tons” of water to start up the engine and cleansen it.
Hope to be of help. Love. Some shaman can do this. I have been trained in it, but it is not easy. Same goes for seeing in the dark, which is a little easier to do and only took about 10 years training. A common example you’re kind of describing is what you experience during an adrenaline spike, alters the perception and experience of time. You can definitely experience time faster or slower at will in a few different situations and not just with ‘recreational drugs’. Meditation and flow states often exhibit these experiences. Having good control over the factors involved in your perception and experience of the present seems like it requires a level of discipline many people just don’t want to exert. As for evolution, seems like there’s plenty of ‘psychosocial forces’ we haven’t fully realized the potential of, the brain is still very much unknown as the full structure it already is and we’ve probably evolved the ability to do many things we aren’t fully taking advantage of They can. requires practice and mediation on the concept of time.

Time is perceptual, along with entropy. So with YouTube readings I’d be a little skeptical. Curses are not that common that I’m aware of, and if 1,000 people watch that video does mean that they all have cursed marriage? 

I’d also gather more info on the curse your MIL is speaking of. Why would they curse her family? There is a chance that it’s a scam and they’re requesting money to undo the “curse” but if they for some reason have a personal vendetta against her then maybe I’d start considering it I am also African like your husband - Ghanaian. In many African cultures black magic is practiced and is legit. I, too, watch tarot readings on youtube. even tough they are for the collective if it resonates, it resonates so trust yourself! Something is telling me that your MIL is not wanting you to be married to her son. However that is just my opinion. As someone who is aware of black magic and it’s negative affects I would HIGHLY recommend getting some kind of protection: crystals, a TRUSTED/LEGITIMATE spiritual advisor, etc…. Watch for flies.
Or weird accidents happening.
Generally speaking though a bunch of flies appearing in the house is something I've seen in a lot of practices as sign of someone sending something wrong your way. I don’t really put much stock in the mass YouTube readings to be honest. 

What I do is close my eyes and ask a question to myself, then wait for my gut to respond. If I get a bad feeling in my gut I trust it. 

There are healers you can go to for cleansing but research because there are a lot of fakes out there. Also, black candles for protection. 

At the same time, while I do believe in magic and curses… I also strongly believe in mental health. If your husband is acting irrationally, talk to him about seeing a therapist. A good culturally competent therapist will take your spiritual views into account and use a holistic approach. r/witches may know better There are many levels to this. First up there are really bad elements out there. Second, the better thing to do is find all the really good things. This honestly is the best defense. Find all the good feeling things you can and laugh and find joy in everything. This is the best defense. The second part is to be firm in your barriers and really assert yourself and your space. Know that you are the master of your life and own it. Then make it a happy fun place to be. The way those bad elements work is it instills fear and uncertainty and then the person that is affected starts to assist in the work being done. Kind of the same as a cancer patient that believes they will die from the disease. I hope this helps. So my grandma’s brother had black magic done on him in India. He was about to come to America and after his wedding he started going nuts. Like acting like a madman and doing weird shit like selling all of his belongings, spending nights outside, and just really weird things. My family didn’t know he had black magic done on him until a bit later. 

My family was very upset and prayed a lot and asked God to show them a way to heal him. His newly wedded wife was so upset and didn’t know if she should even stay with him. My grandma’s family eventually found a healer. When my grandma’s mom walked into the room, the healer immediately said please send this lady who is incredibly sad over my way. He then told them after closing his eyes that their neighbor had done black magic by putting something in my grandmas brother’s food. After he ate the food on his wedding night is when he went insane so it made sense. They did a lot of things to reverse it and it made a difference but unfortunately it left a lasting impact on his brain and he still has to take medication for his behavior to this day, but it is now where near as bad as what it was when he first got married. 

The only cure to black magic is to go to a healer and go to a church and have your whole family blessed. You also have to pray every day. 
Black magic can only be reversed by positive white energy that comes from true intentions such as connection with God or someone with good intent while healing.

Some suggestions I have are:
1. Pray everyday and have your husband pray everyday 
2. Go to a church and have a priest bless both of you. A priest who prays all the time also is a healer in a way so this is helpful.
3. Go on tiktok, YouTube, and google ways to remove black magic spell. There are sooo many helpful videos 
4. Egg cleanse - look up how to do an egg cleanse and do it 
5. Get healing crystals and healing energy elements in your home and lots of healing plants. You want to fill your space with as much positive energy as possible. 

It is going to take time so do these things for a few months. practice psychic defense- specifically cleansing of the aura and wear anything with an evil eye. black magic is extremely common- it can happen just from others thinking negative thoughts about you. and while it can be effective, staying in the light is much stronger and will always block any of that. [removed] No. Magic is not real Go to a BaBaLao If you have black magic you would sense a really huge change prior to when you guys got married and it would get worse by day. There would also be fights for just about any reason and it’s possible that if they were attempting to split y’all apart, he would be cheating. If he’s not cheating, then he’s definitely not giving you enough respect and there’s tons of tears through the marriage. Also if there’s chances you’re being recommended to a psychiatry keep in mind that’s another sign. Sometimes spells have a way of messing with peoples minds making them sensitive and angry pretty quickly. He’ll look lost mentally and isolated. He’ll want to be alone most times. There may also be issues with a job loss / financial losses or possible diseases for unknown reasons.

Try to find someone locally and see what advice they may offer or reach out to another subreddit that would help! Do they channel *through* the subconscious realm? Are they an aspect of you or past life?

Also beware that anything could be a lie or a trick to throw you off. please cleanse your pendulum and practice psychic defense before using it. before going into a session- make a statement that only those of the light can use it. i normally call out to guides, angels, and ancestors specifically. pendulum work is a form of divination that can be just as dangerous as using a ouija board when not used correctly. Talking to spirits is like talking to anyone. We don't listen to all of them without discernment.

That said, the spirits are you. The universe is one thing.

There is nothing to be afraid of.

If a man walks up to you and begins to ramble and tell you things you don't like, you probably leave right?

Spirits tell us stuff all the time. We are not obligated to listen or participate.

Follow your feelings and do as feels best. If you feel scared of this entity, this is all I am recommending you work to diminish. There is nothing to he afraid of.

🙏❤️ if it said it was a friend, how did that jive with your gut instinct? You really need to be careful when dealing g with the pendant and other things for purpose of channelling.
You need to make sure you perform a grounding exercise before you start doing anything. 
You need to train your pendant so you understand what answers you are getting.  If my pendant swings left for yes and right for no then that doesn't mean yours will be the same.  Yours could swing clockwise for yes and anticlockwise for no for example so you need to go through the motions and write down what action the pendulum takes for what question.
When you perform your grounding exercise make your intent to only speak or channel spirit with 100% pure and divine intention.  Ask for protection from your spirit guides and arc angel Michael.  
If you pick.up a low level entity then they probably won't give you any names and probably mess you around, ask for help with these from your guides and thank them for their time and energy then  move on make it clear they are not welcome within your energy.  It's very important you close your session properly and leave nothing open when your finished.  You will probably get random answers when your first setting out, but stick with it and remember grounding and closing your session off properly and you will develop your skill as time passes.
Practice is key 👌🏼 I totally get where you're coming from. I have those moments where I sometimes just "know" things/ how they will turn out. Then I have other moments where I have a short fleeting thought of something I want to happen/ should happen, and it ends up happening. At some point, I just thought it was pure coincidence, but after a while, I noticed the probability of the stuff happening was low, so I started noting them down. Anyway, I don't know what it means, it could just be a very rare case of coincidences lol, but I once saw a psychic and he told me that I had a form of clairvoyance where I just know things. I had never met him before and he didn't know me, and I didn't tell him anything about this, it was about 5 mins into the reading and he had no information about me whatsoever...so IDK, could be, or couldn't be... I think you need to train your mind back into a positive mind set.  When a negative thought comes in try and tell yourself that it's not what you want any more and replace it with a positive remark.  Keep doing this and you will train your thought patterns away from negative vibes ❤️ i consider my intuition a sixth sense, welcome to the club! It certainly looks like your intuition was right and your friend has shown you she is at peace now.  Practice with other things and see where it gets you as you try and develop your gift, but take comfort in knowing your friend came through to you ❤️ Hmm...🤔 Shadow people are real entities, they're from another realm. And people do have shadows but what you described isn't something that a person's shadow, the rejected not-socially-acceptable parts of them, can do.

I suppose it could be possible for someone to create a tulpa like being, and send it to spy on you? And it could appear as a shadow? Is your psychic friend open to answering more questions? It sounds like you're able to see spirits the same way I'm able to!  When did this start for you?  For me it's been as long as I can remember.  It's just really exciting to meet someone who sees spirits in the same manner!

After I took an interest in this ability and started welcoming and allowing it, the next thing to come were visions.  So basically, the spirit will let me see a memory of theirs or some event that took place in their life.  Sometimes the spirit will appear as if they are physically there; so not transparent at all.  That doesn't happen too too often though Could it be their guide?

Like, I sometimes see something similar, but as a translucent sphere/circle, that disappears when I focus on it (intentional or not). I asked my mom, who is very knowledgeable about these matters, and she told me its someone who's thinking about me/ wants to know how I'm doing, if I'm alright. Idk though, just food for thought lmao I don’t. But people see/feel spirits differently. Guides that accompany all persons. You describe this perfectly! I see the exact same thing, it started a year ago. I never knew what this was and thought it was auras but ways felt it might be something more. I see the outline of the aura but then the person is almost behind them or on their side if that makes sense? They can be in different colours like white, blue , green or purple.

Sometimes i thought am I staring at the person too long then I'm maybe seeing the outline of the person. But then the transparent human will have outlines of different hair or a beard than the person and I know for certain it's something different. Amazing that you see the same, I would love to learn more about this lol It's always funny when some one comes up with the same theory that has always existed and tries to put their own 'unique' spin on it.

Buddy old pal. The first principle of hermetics, one of the oldest philosophies in written history is, The All is Mind and the mind(personal) is apart of The All, but the mind is not The All. -Kybalion

I suggest you quit making up theories and find yourself in a bookshop with a couple real old books that provide a better description than you can with your lacking perspective. And don't get me wrong the only reason I say that is because you're guessing at ideas that have already been hypostulated publicly. There is alot you are missing, and alot you are short coming with but only because of a lack of perspective.

Like any book that documents pshycical research from the first half of the 20th century. But my personal favorite was "The Science Behind Miracles" -Max Freedom Long who documented the Hawaiian Kahunas. 

What you are trying to do is take an old thing that has already been scientifically looked at and you're trying to make yourself 'okay' with it's mere possibility. One doesn't take a biologists word for salt and just reinvent biology. You go off what we already know. Maybe they are your ancestors and you’re merely perceiving them as old people. For me the people usually express some type of mood, so maybe you’re feeling like your old, relatable Seek inside for your own answers to these questions. Only you can decipher the way you project meaning and identity on to your experiences. Maybe it's a sign you need to be more wise in your Outlook or decision making maybe.  Look at how you feel when you see them and what thoughts come to mind, try to hold the first impressions you receive as the mind quickly tries to rationalise what your seeing.
Ask yourself in your mind what does this mean and see what comes to mind Could be your ancestral spirits. You don't have to have known them in this life time/incarnation. Free will is a truth as are influence over others or consequences of choices, you could even believe that your mind is getting ready for the future instead or simply in the present, but its only what i think. I will tell you that I own three cats and they usually leave birds, snakes, lizards and the occasional rat at the entrance of my house. I think maybe some cat brought it to your house. did you check if there was any other ingredient in the rat? Have strange or unpleasant things happened to you as a result of this? A lot of times people are open to suggestion. As a hypnotist……one thing I can say is emotions increase suggestibility. You only noticed supposed actions after they told you and if you consider fear is a strong emotion it made the suggestion stick. I would block the person immediately and say to myself the words and actions of others have no effect on me….and I am healthy. I am happy…etc I completely echo what u/davidle3 said. 

The power of suggestion is extremely powerful. And as a long practising witch, I can honestly tell you that casting spells to harm others takes an awful lot more than that. You haven’t been cursed or hexes, but the suggestion was put to you that you had and now your brain is making connections and assumptions to validate that belief. Block this person, what they’re doing is childish at best. You don’t owe them a thing and you don’t need to be afraid, you’re absolutely fine. Block and forget them. Yes, that is your energy body.

You moved your assemblage point ("AP").

;-) Was your eyes opened or closed. I usually close my eyes while meditating and I see weird colors and like the darkness behind my eyes has depth to it. Most humans have auras that are blueish like that! Instead of blocking out energy or “shielding yourself” a wise human once told me to work on separating which emotions are yours and which aren’t. Sometimes you know, sometimes it’s harder to distinguish, but the trick is to take that energy and instead of processing the emotion AS your own, use it for something as you would with your own emotions. You have the gift (and all superpowers can also be curses depending on how you use it) of energy. Energy likes you. Use it for something good. 

For ex use your dads bad mood energy to either create something useful or use YOUR energy to override (or help if u want) his mood instead of using his energy to override yours. 

Hope this makes sense! You’ll get the hang of it :) and it won’t be such a curse to you when you do! Blocking others energy out is necessary in certain situations when it’s not the right time to use your fun superpower, but other times, try and actually use it! And then even just walking into a room will change the whole vibe as well as how people feel..aka literally lighting up the room with your energy! You need to learn how to [ground, center, and shield](https://aflourishingsoul.com/complete-guide-grounding-centering-shielding/).  They're psychic and energy techniques that should be practiced together (at the same time).  Doing this will give you a "buffer" to not feel other people's feelings so directly.  Part of you may still be aware that over there someone is upset, but you won't need to run that emotional energy through your own system. As I’ve gotten older I allow fewer opportunities for disruption. Crowds can overwhelm.  Enjoy your youth, but if the crowds take too much shielding, you may find you want to use your energies elsewhere. We have an article in the sub WIKI about meditation that covers blocking and shielding too, essential self-care for anyone IMHO. See if that helps? 

https://www.reddit.com/r/Psychic/wiki/index/faq?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf While there are some drawbacks to being an empath. There are also positive aspects. 
Hang out with positive people and you'll find their energy will pick you up.
Go to concerts where they play the type of music you like. That will uplift you. Crowds with high positive energy are beneficial so personal development seminars or spiritual groups.

Sometimes you can transmute energy to make it more palatable for you or simply to neutralize it.
This is an additional tool besides grounding, centering and shielding. Use a shield. You said you are young and this is can be a hard time for empaths because you get bombarded. When I was young I started using a projected image of a bright shining gold cross.  I would visualize it in my mind and push it out in front of me.  It helped to keep negative energies away. 

My sister, also an empath uses a thick bubble of air.  It can be whatever you like and whatever you can put your own energy into to work as a shield.  

It gets easier with time,  but I remember being young and feeling everyone around me, their feelings knowing they weren't mine bur still experiencing them.  I feel for you,  but empathy is a good gift to have and I think becoming rarer in this world.

Keep developing it. Drink up lmao. Tbh 🍺🍺🍺 RESPONSIBLY THOUGH. Eat junk food. Watch violent movies. Focus on money. Watch influencers on instagram. Be nasty to people. Be selfish. Focus in your appearance. Drink alcohol excessively. Avoid going into nature. IME you can't really stop being psychic but you can buffer yourself so you aren't projecting your energy.  You need to looking into shielding practices (grounding, centering, and shielding).  


Also, it sounds like you have a lot of anxiety about other people and how they think about you.  How other people is really not your problem.  You may want to look into various ways to address your anxiety and build up your boundaries.  Don't take responsibility for how other people feel. Is it possible that people are sending you texts to check in because you’re projecting anxiety and insecurity? Projecting is not the same as sending telepathic thoughts, but other people 100% feel it, it’s a part of our social structure, but it’s not necessarily a healthy practice. If you’re grounded and secure in yourself then other people will pick up on that and start responding to you in those ways, but if they sense anxiety and insecurity it’s only natural for them to ask if you’re okay. have been there.. recently I got that feeling when someone was dead.. they are not so close but I remembered them .. then I got a call that she passed away.. I was terrified and felt numb.. I didn't feel nothing.. I accepted the gift So you keep having this feeling and then people end up dying? Mt grandmother told me that this would be the last time I saw her alive. I tried to make it back up there. When I got in town,  she passed away from COVID-19 and no visitors allowed. 

My aunt had never told me she loved me but the very last time I saw her, she was walking out of my room and paused, looked at me and told me she loved me. 

2 people I know knew they were going to die hours before they did. I think, depending on your connection to the cosmos,  people can feel something is going to happen.. It always rains on them days for me I started noticing it when the first person passed for me at a young age..... something extremely weird happen with one my friends I was at work and I stopped in my steps and felt different I can't explain it  but I was worried and confused but I knew something was wrong I was on here and tryin figure out this app and boom my friend I put so much into as she did me was missing idk when I was worried when I stopped she did flash every possible person that feeling was different all I can remember is ILOVE YOU moe I experience the exact same thing! 

It’s bizarre but I understand completely, it’s exactly as you said it - that overwhelming gut feeling you’ll never see that person again. Not a dress, not a bad feeling, not a knowing they’re going to pass (although after it happening a few times, you KNOW that’s what it means) not a when, or how, you just know. 

I can’t offer much advice except to say to listen to it. I don’t know when, or how but it’s happened enough now for me to know what it means. I can’t warn them, I mean warn them of what exactly?! so now I take the opportunity I was given just to tell them how much they mean to me, that I appreciate them and I love them. With some people it’s been days before they pass, but others it’s been a few weeks. Either way, I haven’t ever seen them again after I’ve had that insight, so I’ve made that last meeting a good one. It’s all you really can do. I experience this, too. It sounds like you’re tapped into that current. Ever consider psychopomp work? Maybe your state of least resistance and manner of processing export from the information you get is just unfamiliar and uncommon? Okay.... when I began channeling my guides as a teen, the same things happened to me,  and I feel that is pretty normal when starting out.  As I have grown older, instead of concentrating on my closed eyes, I moved my focus up to my third eye, and that really helped with the eye fatigue and jumping.  Feel the energy entering your third eye and exiting through the base of your skull.

Also, I strongly suggest that you ask specifically to speak to your guides, rather than a random benevolent being.  Your guides are there for YOU, and once you get familiar with them, bring them through before you channel other beings.  They will act as a buffer between you and beings that might not have good intentions. I’m a musician and writing music is a form of channeling. I always see it as a sort of crowded moving sidewalk. There’s lots of people on the sidewalk and you have to not only figure out how to safely jump onto the moving sidewalk but you also have to learn how to balance and stay on the moving sidewalk. I’ve found that ritual is the easiest way to get on board. Beyond that it’s a matter of practice and learning how to manage the physical aspects of your body whether that’s writing, playing music etc. while channeling. I used to mess up recordings all the time because when I would come out of channeling I would be disoriented and not know where I was in the song. After years of practice, now I can move in and out of channeling without skipping a beat. This stuff takes time so be patient and keep practicing! I think it kind of starts off like that. Channeling kind of reminds me of a muscle. I was only better at it than when I continue to practice. And now I can do it pretty much anywhere at any time. But when I first started out over 15 years ago it was definitely a harder thing to do. It sounds like you might be getting nervous or anxious which might lead to losing contact. You would probably need to work on that. Synchronicity is a very trippy and real thing. Because all humans are born with psychic ability some are more meant for it than others and they have more natural ability and that's you. I'm not sure that would be precognition but things in the world are working the same as they always have you're just more psychically awake now. It's a natural inevitable process, part of your soul's evolution I think. Precognition There's no such thing as reality. We’re just all evolving as one. Normal. It might take a bit to get used to, but you will. I have flash visions of the future. It’s instantaneous. I’m somewhere else (or sometimes in the exact same spot, but ahead in time). I don’t even realize what’s going on until I come back into normal time, similar to falling asleep, and dreaming, except I’m standing up. They have come to pass before. I don’t know if all of them are this lifetime kind of things. Based on one I’ve had in particular, I hope not. Hang in there. Well hopefully that’s not a vision of the future! Lol

This sounds like your minds way of processing the intense emotions of a situation that is too overwhelming for just your body to process. It sounds like you had an intense emotional fear of what could happen that was instantly triggered when roe was overturned. 

So when there’s too much info for your mind to process at a normal rate and too many complex emotions for your body to process at a normal rate and they’re happening at the same time, sporadic glimpses of both informations coming together may be your minds way of processing info double time while also keeping you relatively sane.

In psych, they may assume that this is a hallucination, but these types of hallucinations are necessary for your mind and body to stay in sync when it comes to info and emotions.

Your body’s physical responses (sweating, smelling the smoke) is 100% typical in a hallucination or, “vision.” Buddhists are able to lower their body temperature for example if they are that in tune with their mind..kind of like switching to a temporary conscious way of communicating with your body. It’s usually mastered by years of mediation, but it seems like you are an Empath who is able to jump into situations that your mind comes up with as a way of processing info and emotions (how u feel) which comes to life for you through ur senses.

Why? Bc your body and mind need an outlet for these things. Information overload can spark this glimpse or vision. Now whether it’s actually the future? Guess we’ll wait and find out. You may have some sort of ESP happening in there that is preparing you for something LIKE that, but most likely it’s not exactly the vision you saw or consciously experienced. But usually, something even if it’s just the emotion the vision was based on, tends to be a prediction that comes true ha go with the flow <3 i learned from a tarot teader, anxiety is usually a repetitive thought and a stressful kinda intimidating thought. intuition is a peaceful inner voice that is hear to guide you, so it’s a clear calm voice. so anxiety makes you anxious, your inner voice does not I've heard the saying "anxiety screams, intuition whispers".  Obviously not applicable in all scenarios but I try to keep it in mind. What I do when in doubt,  I breathe deeply,  get as relaxed as I can without fully meditating,  and if I still feel it, it's intuition. 

Anxiety is caused by stress,fears,etc... when you relax enough,  you shouldn't feel anxious. Your intuition is light tap on the door, and your anxiety/fear is a bang on the door For me, intuition feels 'complete' while anxiety feels like I have to think about it more than twice. Intuition you just know it without knowing why you know it, even if there's anxiety involved. While anxiety you're not sure if you know, you have to guess if you know it, or not. It sounds like your intuition is causing you anxiety merely from overthinking it. You’re sending signals telling your body that your intuition is a danger. Try working on calming your anxiety first and foremost before delving deeper in intuition building. This would include, shadow work, talk therapy, adjust diet, getting grounded / centered in your body with exercise. For me, by practicing mindfulness meditation. You learn to hear the difference in "pitch" of your inner voice/monologue. It did not happen overnight for me. My inner anxiety voice tends to be in first person. My intuition voice is in second or third person, more observational, and much quieter. When I ignore anxiety voice, consequences are generally neutral or non existent. When I ignore intuition voice, consequences are generally negative. Anxiety is draining. Like it exhausts you. Intuition is more of a “knowing”. 

I’ve been asking myself that exact question myself for months now. I’m only just getting it too. Fear is restrictive. It's a what if. It's a negotiation. It's control oriented. It's rooted in the past or future. Think root Chakra/ tribe rules. Anxiety keeps you safe in comfort. Talks at you in warning. 

Intuition is expansion. A binary yes/ no. Stay/ go. Freedom. Truth in the present moment. Consistent knowing. Intuition tells you to move 1 step forward. Talks with you in assurance. From my perspective:

I've found that when I'm anxious, my thoughts feel intrusive, almost cruel. And they nag. They don't stop. I can feel it in my whole body -- my chest, my tummy will turn over, I'll even shake. Something I've learned greatly over the last couple of years is that even seemingly "good" events or thoughts will cause these reactions -- it feels like an adrenaline rush, but it doesn't stop. When the event passes, I feel so work out physically, even if the outcome turns in my favor. 

Anxiety is bred from fear, both subconscious and conscious; both acknowledged and unacknowledged.

When it's intuition, it's less of a thought and more of sense of radical acceptance, suddenly and without preempt. I don't have to argue with the notion, it just *is* -- the same way water is just wet, the way fire is hot, the way the sky is blue, the way rain falls from clouds. As a species, we now know why those things exist the way they do, but before the phenomena was understood, it was simply accepted as *is*. I don't feel the negative physical affects in my physical body, but I do feel a something -- like that sense of giving in, or even the relief you would have when you're very tired and lean up against something stable and sturdy. 

Intuition is knowing without having been given or found the knowledge. 

That being said, there are times where they can feel eerily similar, but for me, the trick is to clear your mind.  If I can do so fairly easily, and without negative bodily effects I trust it as intuition, but if my central nervous system has no chill, it's anxiety and I need to find the root so I can understand why I'm having an internal meltdown. Physically you feel anxiety in your head, and intuition in your gut. Anxiety is rooted in fear and trusting our guts is scary, so, honestly, you’re probably feeling both. The magic happens when you’re able to overcome the anxiety, trust your intuition and fall into flow. Our intuition doesn’t always sound rational so our rational mind will panic if you’re not ready to go there. I heard before that anxiety often speaks to you in a form it’s addressing you, as in “You are awful and no one likes you” whereas intuition speaks more objectively as in “This situation is dangerous” or “That person is not safe.” The only truth I can speak to that is my own; when I actually listen to the thoughts closely it is indeed actually how it sounds. Intuition speaks to the situation, anxiety puts you at the centre or cause of it. i kinda use all of it as a chance to manifest whichever things i do want to happen and almost willing the bad things into remaining simply anxieties that never come to physicality Man talk about a shot in the dark. Dunno why you're asking anyone here 😂

No one here will be able to answer your question very well, I hate to say it, but with intuition it really comes down to practice and observation.

You'll never know if a dream win come true until it does!

I'd say try to meditate more to get yourself more aware of your surroundings and other than that good luck and pay close attention to your gut feelings and if they end up being true or not Intuition is a less severe emotion, anxiety feels so heavy, so when I feel like I’m losing control of my body I know it’s anxiety because it’s too intense and dark. 

Intuition feels lighter, more fun, more interesting, more dreamy. It’s a more pleasant feeling. Like waiting to get on your favorite ride at Disney. I like to differentiate them like I would textures that I can physically feel. Intuition feels to me like a solid piece of tree bark in my hands; kind of rough, but unique and just is. In comparison, anxiety feels like trying to give a squirrel a bath, that absolutely doesn't want a bath. For me they feel different. I have anxiety going into a bad situation. Feels like butterflies in my stomach. My intuition telling me something is wrong feels like electricity going from my head to my toes, making the hair on my neck and arms stand up straight. 

I'm probably not explaining well, but they have two very different feelings for me. Because intuition just comes to you,  like being already "known" and there is no anxiety behind it. I get premonition grieving, I hate it it is disgusting and I cannot switch it off, I never know who it is going to be I have to sit it out. I do everything in my power not to think about it and it will not go away. Sorry to storm. your post but do you/does anyone know of how I can get rid of it any techniques. I have it now. I cannot live my life like this anymore, it's disturbing. Thank you for this discussion. I have often wondered about the same things. Anxiety is fear based and our divine intuition is love based. My anxiety and my intuition ( gut feeling ) are definitely connected I have reoccurring déjà vu I can dream about a person that will some time soon I will meet, once in that moment I am just some how already recognize the present moment . Anxiety starts in the mind, intuition starts in the body. Stop thinking about the people around you. You send them a message and you make them think of you. Not thinking frees both you and those around you. In this way, you will not be sleep deprived, and so will those around you. We have a few articles in the sub WIKI that may help! 

This one is from the FAQ. It starts by talking about meditation (including cleansing, blocking & shielding) then talks about how to meet your spirit guides for beginners.

https://www.reddit.com/r/Psychic/wiki/index/faq?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf

The other articles is from the ‘best of’ section, but is another on how to meet your guides. 

https://www.reddit.com/r/Psychic/comments/76lobf/how_to_contact_your_spirit_guide/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf

Hope they help some Read the seven types of spirit guides by Yamile Yemoonyah. You can ask your guide to step into your auric field during a meditation and feel their energy. Step 1: get some foil

Step 2: you’re going to need exactly 5 sheets of paper

Step 3: origami fold the one piece of paper into a boat

Step 4…

Step 37: after you have completed the fire ritual then proceed to repeat steps 7-12 and then go to step 38.

Step 38…

Jk

In the spirit world it should be enough to focus the mind on something and they will get the call. Just talk to yourself, it’s the same thing. The voice you hear inside of you is you. There is a lot to learn.  <3 i would recommend these to start your learning journey:
Bian Weiss -> youll learn about the spirituality In a modern world
Helen wambach -> she's out of print. But if you can get life before life you ll learn more about reincarnation and life choices
Robert Monroe ->now we get to training.  There are many records uploaded on his obe season from the Monroe institute, so they are free to download anda great way to start.
Lobsang rampa -> these have knowledge a bit more hidden but they are there 

The hardest thing i have found of being an empath is to control strong feelings not yours.  All the negative feelings are strong and hard to control.  In my case, my father was also a violent man so i "have that bug" and that makes me easier to snap with them. 

However equally negative is sadness, desperation, depression etc Do your ground center and shield? Youtube can teach all three. Then do a practice while shielding and grounding. After sending your energy to the earth's core and calling it back up. do this. Pause the energy at each chakra. Begin at the root chakra and move up to the sacral, etc. 
Feel the energy of the chakra expand and let it spin. As each chakra spins, and the light in it and energy in it expands, observe it. A blocked chakra will not expand and open. So when you reach a blocked one, you will notice it does not expand it tries to remain smaller. Spend extra time pulling energy into that chakra. 

Know it may not work the first time. So move on up if there is resistance.

Depending on the reasons for the blockage inner child work may be needed. For example, I had a terrible block in my heart chakra where we store our grief. Work had to be done to release and heal that chakra.

We store worry in our root chakra, sexual trauma on our sacral chakras and etc.

Be patient. It happens over time, through confronting and healing that inner child in each area.

You may notice a popping sensation and a sound when the chakra first opens again, and a sense of joy that follows.

Some spiritual people recommend decalcifying your pineal gland with a change of diet. I can only tolerate so much in the way of dietary change myself. Veganism is not for all of us. It might help you. You can try it.

There are other things you can do. This is a place to start.

I find that doing this activity at a beach, in the actual surf, is helpful to me. It is the salt water and the grounding that I find of great use. If you know you’ve had past traumas then start there. When you begin a trauma healing journey your senses will wake up the more and more you heal. Getting in touch with yourself and being open and *honest* with yourself opens the third eye. [removed] "Am I crazy?" is a natural question for psychic input.   In particular, it is the Pineal gland / third eye that interprets things we feel yet cannot see.

You might find some reassurance studying chakras, remote viewing, and remote healing.  All of these things are known to exist, and have been duplicated by many people.  The CIA, Military, and Police have all been known to use a method called controlled remote viewing.

No, I don't think you are crazy. Hi there, I was you at one time! I’m turning 25 this year, but I was once the 16 year old girl who questioned my reality. 

Number one, you aren’t crazy! Believe yourself when you receive these messages. You already have the evidence to back it up. 

I saw you said you need help, so number two (my biggest piece of advice to you) is learning how to turn the dial up and down, how to turn it off, and how to shield yourself from unwanted messages. 

There’s a ton online that can help you, but a quick practice that I use is this: I start by closing my eyes and telling spirit that I’m not available right now. Then, I imagine slamming a door shut and locking up multiple industrial locks on the door with a key. Sometimes this works once, sometimes I have to do it a few times/shut multiple imaginary doors until I feel the messages turning off. Alternatively, I do the inverse when I’m ready to turn it back on. 

Hope this offers some guidance and helps to tackle your intuitive gifts a bit. Much love. Sorry, I just need help Not crazy at all. Just gifted. Try adopting a meditation practice! It can help you work on your gifts. And if you ever feel overwhelmed or anxious from it, practice grounding or channel your root chakra. Not crazy at all. Learn your gift and how to protect yourself. We are all as unique as our fingerprints and so are our gifts. You're absolutely not crazy. I find its a very normal (and regular) question I ask myself. A small dose of skepticism is healthy, in my book, because sometimes things that have happened really could just be mundane. However, your experience with your best mate sounds the opposite of mundane, and very interesting. 

You can probably practice that with people if you want (and they are okay with it), it sounds like you have an amazing talent there. And again, no, you're not crazy. Best of luck OP. I predict stuff without knowing, I start doing a vengeful thing, but I stop at the middle , because of regrets( I’m doing wrong thing), but at the end people still kill me, and I do regret that I didn’t listen to my instinct. 

Yes we can blame our 3 rd eye, because we can’t have a clear view of the things, meditation, self education, calm and correct breathing. Will make you’re “instinct” be more clear and wise. Only people who call you crazy are crazy. You are gifted, and it only gets better from here. I won’t say that it’s an easy journey having these abilities, as I am on the same path. But it’s a very eye-opening journey and it’s a lot of fun. You get to see things that a lot of people close themselves off too. This is truly a gift. Never think of it as a burden, this gift is here to help you grow and help other people. You should be proud of yourself for not shutting yourself off completely to it. Professional Reader here. Totally normal. **NOT** crazy. Empathic and Claircognizant would be my guess. Claircogs can do a little of everything. 



Wait til you can hear people's thoughts in their heads. That shit will trip you the fuck out first few times. Lol



Congrats! I would also like to mention that, IMHO it's always important a strong set of beliefs: call or religion or belief.  So that you can't get shaken, tampered or manipulated with >the weird thing was like i could almost turn on and off this “ringing tuning up a radio sound” i could also feel it in my ears turning on and off

I'm a lifelong skeptic/physicalist who started earnestly exploring spirituality about a year ago, and this year, for the first time in my life, I've been experiencing the radio static thing too. Very infrequently, but it has already led to a near-OBE for me on one occasion.

Interestingly, the last couple of times it's happened, I've also been able to switch it on and off. It's fascinating! It only ever happens to me first thing in the morning if I get the chance to start drifting back off to sleep (which, as the mum of a toddler, I don't get very often!). But it definitely sounds like we're both experiencing the same phenomenon! I’ve been having these too! With the spirituality- I believe that there’s a greater power out there and I’d like to help the people around me and find peace. Good luck to you! It sounds like you’re clairaudient, you can probably also do automatic writing since your hand was vibrating.

Research these two abilities and give yourself some time to learn. Good luck with your communications It's entities communicating with you. They use the ringing to tell you you're not losing your mind or get your attention. Try asking who they are. You don't need to speak out loud. You're experiencing them speaking to you through telepathy.  Sometimes headphones with music on can help differentiate the telepathy from auditory sounds. Just wait until you can hear the rotation of the earth, then go listen to space recordings of it.. it's a trip.

Welcome to the world of extra-sensory 😅 recently i’ve had this, everyday almost every moment. but the other stranger thing i’ve noticed is the amount of people that are experiencing the same thing. as ir it were an awakening of some sort. oor something else, like 5G towers or the vax. im 100% sure its spiritual tho because each time i get to control the ringing and frequency of it, i feel and see a presence around me. like a spirit. anyone else?? Yes the radio omg it’s annoying. Coincidentally, I just awkwardly told my group of cousins that their father (my 1st cousin) had made it through. Awkward because he passed away by suicide in 2015… but I wanted to tell them because I was so proud. 

I’ll try (so hard) not to ramble, but about *20* years ago I saw a Medium and we ended the session because we weren’t connecting. I couldn’t bridge who he was possibly talking about.. a man with two young girls, a new wife, takes his life and is “not in hell, but essentially stuck in the coat room outside heaven.. like a big party is going on but they’re in time out under the staircase” (o..k, wtf?) Anyway, this and many other examples fell flat regardless of how detailed he was… because he was reading the future spirit of people still alive!

As whacked as that is, his example made a lot of sense to the same thing you’re saying and the same way I’ve parted with energies too. In making my own connections, I would communicate with him from a different place than those ‘above’. It was as if he was in the next room. Then he was gone - and I blamed myself for being too busy/stressed, etc. There was silence for about three weeks, until my uncle passed away at 95. His brilliant turquoise energy was ‘up’ and dancing around the same day he passed (which was weird and strange for me!) and after a few days I asked him to check on my cousin. As if he was the same old uncle hiding a quarter behind a kids ear, the blue light faded before bursting back alongside a leaf-green fireworks, a color I hadn’t seen before. (If you’re still reading, I have a normal life and job and recognize how insane I sound). I knew immediately that it was my cousin. The bursts of light were the such an undeniable presence. I looked around, rubbed my eyes, cried, and it went on for 30 minutes. I don’t have a ton of stories like this, I’d say it’s in my top 5 of “holy shit this is really happening, huh?” 

I had hardly a fraction of that level of connection since March, and in a way, has reinforced the idea that it was salute of sorts. Like hey, thanks for the thoughts and prayers, I made it. (lol) Thinking of something sounds very like Claircognisance. It’s certainly the way I experience it, although we’re all different. I get a random thought unconnected to whatever I was doing or thinking at the time in a very calm emotionless almost matter of fact way, Sounds like dream precognition. I have a different question do you have masters or spiritual guides? I talk to mine sometimes in my dreams. someone recommended me this on this sub last week.. i have the same issue and i want to try to get more in touch with my abilities and have heard meditation works wonders but being anxious too is hard for me to put it in practice and wanted tips on how to do it.

“i would recommend mindfulness meditation to start. it seems like one of the harder ones but it was the most influential in my experience. essentially set a timer, start for say 3 minutes, and practice sitting in silence watching your thoughts. the goal is to watch your thoughts- try not to dive into them or start thinking about them. detach from them. let them pass. listen to what’s happening around you. feel yourself breath. be as present as possible. if you find yourself latching onto a thought and thinking about something, simply let it go and come back to the present. it can be hard at first and feel very uneasy, but doing this daily will quite literally change your life. the awareness you gain from this meditation allows you to feel, see, and hear psychic messages more often and more clearly. try it for at least a week and see if letting your thoughts pass without latching onto them gets easier. if so, up your time. if not, lmk and i’ll give you some other tips.” You need rituals/a ritual that will give you:
- grounding
- protection
- charging

Find or create one that resonates with you and aim to do it everyday. 

You also need a systematic way to explain and understand the experiences you are having. Do you believe the soul is part of the self or seperate? Do you believe the future is determined or flexible? Do you think these messages come from an outside source or an internal one? Answering these questions then testing them will give you more confidence in what you are experiencing. 

I'd also suggest therapy or another sort of mental health service to work on any traumas if you feel you have any buried deep within. Trauma is like sticky gunk on a tuning fork, a small amount is okay but even a little can lower your vibration and effect the clarity of what you receive. Clearing trauma is always advised in psychic work. Could be a mix of both. Not unusual. Most importantly I hope you learned to shield and set boundaries. Don’t automatically obey every spirit who talks to you. It’s ok to defy them. My intuition comes in as my thoughts. I have the same thing happen where I'll wake up, and I'll just know, and I'll think "Someone's about to knock on the door, they're coming in."

I think its like, we receieve divine knowledge from a higher power, and we translate it into our thoughts. Do you trust the voice? Does it make you feel scared? 

I've learned to seperate all my thoughts, good and bad. If there was a negative entity speaking to me, I'd know right away it was negative and those thoughts would get sent straight to the junk bin. But 9 times out 10, it is in fact just my higher self. I’ve had this same thing happen only a few times. It’s a voice in my head that is not mine. I’ve felt like each time it’s been my spirit guide. It happened the moment I got pregnant, I heard “your life is going to change forever”. Looking back it did, I ended up going through a rare diagnosis and miscarriage at 14 weeks. Before going into the hospital I was worked up and really nervous. I heard in my head 3 different times “you need to be brave” and it actually calmed me down. I could tell this was not coming from me. Strangest sensation… If you haven't been doing work to connect with your guides, it may be time to start that.  Most of the time I approach them to talk, in meditation and occasionally in dreams, but every once in a while they do get on the internal PA system like this.  Particularly with that "don't get up", if I heard that it would probably mean I was right on the edge of the appropriate meditative state to connect and communicate but my ADHD's got me popping up out of it to do some random thing. You can be both actually. I know some pretty neurotic psychics lol. We are only human. Perhaps you can try meditation to achieve a calmer state. Deep breathing exercises may help too. When you are able to control your anxiety and frustration you should be able to hear your intuition better. I think we are all psychic, to varying degrees. It's more a matter of recognizing and analyzing those messages for keys and then having confidence in the message. I've had psychic experiences my entire life.  Mostly in the form of prophetic dreams and I absolutely cannot control this gift. I've heard voices too but usually I wasn't able to make out words. I got to the point where I ignore the mumbling noise. It is usually so minimal that it doesn't warrant my time or emotion. I feel like your spirit guide responded while also letting you know they don't appreciate being "commanded" to do parlor tricks. Maybe next time humbly ask them for a hug 🥰❤️ I do this when I really really need it and I always feel their weight wrap around me I do not think a guide would touch you on command.  Your guides would not ever hurt you either. If anything hurt you, it could have been another type of entity. Unfortunately there isn't good without the bad. 

I suggest having a reiki session to clear stagnant energy around you and align your chakras. Then search for a guided meditation on YouTube. With practice and patience, you will be able to communicate with the other side. I would say to start with trying to communicate with your spirit animal totem to start. They are always with you. Was there anything special about your sitting/laying position? Could this have been caused one way or another? Where was your mental focus? Was your mind in your hand as you asked certain things? I can make myself ache with certain thoughts. You've been smote for your wickedness. Your guides are evil and that arm will rot and eventually fall off. 

What do you people actually think??? Do you WANT to be terrorized by your higher power? So hard to tell if you people aren't trolling.

Your arm was probably completely unrelated. Your guides won't interact on the physical plane, you have to BELIEVE, and LISTEN that's the point. They probably don't appreciate being commanded to touch you, that's weird. The first one is a healer, plain and simple, but that's not really how things work ... unless that's how you want to play it.  I can't say you won't have some unexpected repercussions from it.  You do you.

The second is what every person practicing with these energies should be doing, which is to create wards and/or shields.  

Being a healer is more "specialized," so to speak, but only because to be extremely efficient and effective, you need a long time to develop the skills.  I don't mean necessarily in one lifetime but rather in real terms.  A person who is a highly skilled healer has developed those skills on a path as part of their soul development. 

It appears that you're thinking about becoming a sort of paranormal dynamic duo, am I right? 

Resources can be found within.  You have to learn what's there before you go anywhere outside. It's called being a "projective Empath".  It's not rare but not as common as receptive empathic ability. What you describe as the opposite of an empath, is exactly how I experience empathy. I don't just "absorb" the energy, I *transmute* it and send it back as light. 


As for the ability to expand your energy outward in a protective way, I'm not sure it's a separate ability. I've only experienced this a few times, but it only happens when I am in immediate danger and I seem to do it automatically without any need for effort. It's like my energy pushes outward from me in all directions and NOTHING can enter it. Almost like an impenetrable force field around yourself. You can pull another being directly into this field, for their protection as well. Each time I have done this outward push of energy, I have felt compelled to get the eff out of dodge immediately after. To me, it feels more like an escape method, not a battle method. Wow! I sure wish I were YOU.
F! I'd LOVE to be you! 
🤯😭🤯🫂🤯😭🤯❗❗❗❗❗❗❗

Well, I HAVE heard of this, and it HAD a name, but this was like back in the 80's when I was a little kid and it was from entertainment; so as for complete correctness, not so much I figure.

I gotta ask how did this happen? Were you BORN like this, Meditate your way into this? Have an NDE or something? Honestly you could be! I’m not sure if you’ve heard of this term, but it seems like you’re having prophetic dreams. I tend to get them once in a blue moon, but definitely start keeping a dream journal and writing down these dreams, that’s what I do There's a funny concept in Kdramas, which may or may not be part of their culture (I have no idea) that your ancestors can send you those winning lottery numbers.  See Mystic Pop-up Bar on Netflix.  It was amusing.

Start meditating and keeping a journal of these things.  I wish I had but I'm now four decades in and haven't got the patience for such things.  Fortunately, I'm blessed with a rather great memory so it's only a loss if I should be asked for proof.  Fortunately again, I don't care to prove anything to anyone else. It's just this innate, certain feeling. Hard to describe. You just know. But if you are confused or have doubts then that's not your intuition. It's a conviction. [deleted] i get a hunch then read body language and think and then get this gut feeling like something isn’t right or i get this moon energy like theres things that haven’t been revealed yet It feels like clarity, like clean water. 
Sometimes I feel it in my fingers. I'll get a pain and know. 
Other times I think a spirit is screaming at me "No" and I hear it. I feel it as a counter/clockwise flow of movement in my heart chakra Body. Yes makes my heart beat faster, no feels like a void. Like an epiphany the vast majority of the time. The answer 'pops' into my mind and I'm instantly sure of its correctness. 

I have at times, also had a physical sensation right above my left ear. Thanks for sharing, guys! 💕 The feeling I get for confirmation is  a“ stop you in your tracks” feeling. It’s almost as if a cop is saying stop right there & you stop. I also am clairaudient, so I can hear yes or no from spirit or my guides. But they also show me the  “why” part as well. The “why” is followed by a message or a visual for me. 

For instance, if someone asks “Will my ex-boyfriend come back?”
I will hear a “No” & then feel a sensation that’s a gut feeling or the “stop you in track feeling” to confirm the  “No”. I will ask “yes” & I will hear “No” again and that gut feeling comes back again to confirm. 

After that, the reason why will appear and I will get a vision of the situation or spirit says something and I also feel the emotions of the people while the vision or message is being given to me simultaneously. Now I’m insanely curious…what is this thing Are you looking for someone to take it off your hands anywhere ? Or are you just looking for recommendations of occult museums that can take it of your hands that aren’t overseas? If it has specific cultural significance maybe even a history museum may look after it In my experience any psychic I have gone to has told me that their reading is what will happen IF I continue on the same path, making the same choices, don’t change anything, etc. Our actions have consequences. I think this was more of a warning to your boyfriend that he needs to take his physical and mental health seriously and work on figuring out those issues. I think him choosing to ignore these issues is the current path he is on that will lead him to this “early death”. The outcome is not set in stone depending on the action he takes. Of course that is just my opinion and my belief on the way predictions work but it’s something I’ve heard from others with that gift as well. On a side note I think it was pretty shitty of that lady to word it so terribly bluntly and could have just warned him of his health. My sister got a psychic reading almost two years ago that said she would be in a car accident, in April 2022. That would've been last month. Guess who's just fine. Lol.

Don't ever let anyone project death or major illness, onto you. That's no good psychic. That's someone who needs to learn to see brightness in their own future. Sounds like this person has some pretty poor boundaries. I'm sorry your boyfriend is going through it. You, too. Pretty fucked up, in my opinion! Pardon the language. Can't say I'm crazy about your friend's mother. Once boundaries got out the window, you can't trust a thing that a person says.

Source: Someone who has given psychic readings for years, and has met many, many talented, ethical readers :\^) I've also met some people with terrible boundaries, jeez, who I wouldn't recommend to anybody... Definitely consult a medical doctor but I also recommend seeing a skilled reiki / quantum healer to address the "pain" on an energetic plane. All things, as vibration, exist in more subtle dimensions before they manifest in 3D. This is very general advice so please take w a grain of salt. But if he were to address this immediately (!) there could be progress to be made. 

Emotional healing is a very personal process so it would have to be entirely his choice. Considering he came into this world as a young child with the pain you describe, it's likely that his soul has carried it from past incarnations. It's imperative to understand that should he ignore the emotional work that needs to be addressed, it will only follow him into the next incarnation. But again, at the end of the day it is his decision. 

Everybody should learn to grow comfortable w the notion of death. Whether through a creeping illness or a sudden accident it's a fate we will all meet. We came here as souls and will leave as souls. 

The nature of love (or God) is unconditional and everlasting - it transcends space and time. It is infinitely more powerful than the fleeting fear and pain we experience during our time here. Find your peace, flow, release, forgive, and heal No tarot reader or psychic can tell someone’s death. She’s misreading the signs. Relax, take a breath and consider what the message truly meant. Not a death impending.

Source: I myself have suffered in imaginable psychological pain.  Gonna try to live a happy long life. If there is a serious concern of self harm a mental health professional would be best. It can take a while to find the right method and fit but it’s better to address this sooner than later. Any psychic that sets out to do harm in this world, or tries to change the events of Source isn't worth their salt. It's egocentric behavior. I carry psychic gifts, some people hold those dark clouds but it's not my place to say anything. I'd put undue stress on the other person and allow them to engage in an endless battle with Great Spirit. I'm not going to carry that burden. I just had heart surgery on a valve. I hand been ignoring going to the doctor for 5 years, just went year ago and they confirmed a heart disease. So, yeah, go in and get checked out. Most major fatal heart problems can be fixed with about a 1% chance of fatality, which is about the same chance you will die every year. Just take him to the hospital and see what they say about his heart and then go from there Just in case get his affairs in order and go enjoy life!!! It is our duty to share when we receive a message about someone. They may not believe you completely but maybe they go to a cardiologist (in this case). When she told him, was he apprehensive/worried, or relieved? Wait did you say he’s felt this way since 6 years old! It’s obvious that he has issues that he needs to address from a past life. When issues, feelings, and thoughts from a past life or even past lives go unresolved they can be carried on in this life and it will manifest in different ways. I high highly suggest checking past life regression and going to several past life regression therapists. I know some people think it’s impossible to regress into a past life, but even if the details of the past life you are regressing are incorrect your soul is generally pretty good at tapping into past life traumas and feelings and that’s all that matters. I remember watching a video of a lady on tiktok who does past life regression and she was working with someone who experience depression for a long long time and wasn’t responding to treatment through meds and therapy. When the lady did the past life regression it helped heal her depression and so many other anxieties she had. It helped to explain trauma she experienced in this life. 

Check on mallorie shannon’s videos on tiktok. She also does remote regression. I don’t have experience with it myself but I’d love to get a reading done on myself in the future. There’s also other people who do regression. Dr. It's pretty much all interpretations of symbols, to start with.

Also if you were paying, customers generally want to hear the ex is coming back so there is some pressure to say it.  No matter that this almost never works out in real life, is generally a terrible idea, therapists hate it, and people should move forward through their lives and not backwards, it's the answer you want.  And I don't think it's just the reader BS'ing you, I think if you're sitting there desperately wanting to hear it, you're going to affect the energy of the reading, plus you're not asking the reader to read YOU exactly, you're asking them to tell you what someone else is going to do.

And that person a) isn't there contributing their energy to the reading b) has free will.  And they have their own path they're meant to walk in life that is also generally meant to go forward and not back.

Readers are doing the best they can with what they're given to work with.  It's much easier to reach information about what has already happened, and for a lot of readers the very near future is fairly attainable.  But none of us get a written-in-stone guaranteed newsfeed from the future because the future is fungible and is entangled with so so so many threads of fate and free will - including some much bigger threads than just two random people.

I always warn people that it's a bad sign if you're asking multiple readers the same query.  It's probably time to move on from that expectation and concentrate more on how you can attract the best possible relationship for you and what to look for as signposts on that path, rather than trying to find out what one specific person is going to do. The future is not set in stone, everyone involved can change the collective path based on a ton of factors. The energies right now have everyone moving very quickly too, meaning things are even more subject to change.
(As a side, my friend, who is not a practiced psychic, got a psychic gig and the first thing she was told was “if anyone asks about their ex the answer is always yes, they’re coming back”) Life is complicated and circumstances change depends on the thing that is being predicted. Predicting future changes timelines, but that doesn't mean the same events don't happen.

For example if you(accurately) predicted a tsunami, obviously that would be set in stone (you won't change the tectonic plates). Or a certain political event. Getting sick in 2 days would be pretty set (incubation period > 2 days)But in the less extreme, people who are receiving information from a psychic are given small amounts of information that may not adequately deviate from a predicted timeline. And also you don't have control over environment even with the predictions which can be problematic

In broad general (and what seems to be the case here), you can have a lot of control by knowing the probability or elements of the future and it's best to think you can choose an optimal future path.

Additionally, a lot of people have influence on the future (either by you involving them, or them having precognition or them being influenced indirectly by your deviation in the timeline) which complicates creating a set path since everyone is involved (too complicated to fully predict).

In this case it's somewhat concerning they don't have a consistent answer and aren't pointing out the level of certainty of their answers, so most of them probably don't have a good method to determine a good answer to that question (they likely aren't seeing enough nuances in the possible timelines to give an accurate answer).

And even if they get accurate info, predicting the future is something very different so the seemingly best may be wrong.

&#x200B;

Pretty much you should take the actions you think is best

Edit: formatting When you look at a picture and describe it, you may see things someone else does not.

Think of two people looking at the same picture, and the describing it to a third (you).

Now imagine if both those people have a different set of colours they can see, which changes the entire tapestry of what they are looking at. As far as I can tell, the future is fluid. Timelines can flow beside each other, cross over at certain points, run together for a bit, and then split again. Can't really know what path you're on until the important stuff happens. I've had many similar experiences - there is one psychic who I've been seeing for years who has accurately predicted numerous events in my life (with extremely accurate details, down to names), but other things he has said have never come to fruition (or haven't come to fruition, yet). It still doesn't change my opinion that he is an extremely intuitive and accurate psychic. I think what it comes down to, is that we as human beings have free will, and multiple different paths are being presented to us all the time that we can take. So if we walk down path a, we may get result a, if we walk down path b, we might get result b, and so forth. This particular psychic (and others that I know) also see some things with a higher or lower level of energy or momentum. Meaning, the possibility of one opportunity has a great amount of energy, meaning, this is more than likely to occur, whereas other opportunities sort of flow in and out of your energy field, and you can take it if you wish, but it's not something that I would necessarily consider destined to happen, more as a potential expression of free will. We are living in an eternal now and timelines are constantly changing. Those who are more connected to spirit and have a true will and awakening are harder to predict there timelines because they know how to connect with God and change it. So far, not a single one. If they’re vague, they’re not legit. And sadly, 99.999% of psychics “selling” their services are scammers. 

Just think…if they are legit, why aren’t they already millionaires? Why do they need your $50? Why don’t they know which stocks will continuously rise?

I always test psychics with things I know. No one has even been right, except one person who I just kind of ran into and they don’t sell or advertise that they’re psychic. If you follow the testing method, a legit psychic won’t be dismissive of you. First of all, if you know the future, how do you not know the present? 

Just somethings to think about. I hope you don’t fall into this psychic scamming train. I was burned years ago. Thousands of dollars in debt. You can become addicted. I, too, started reading from general curiosity. But then I took their advice and bullshit, fake visions and ruined my life. Don’t let scammers cloud your judgment. If they were real, they’d have their life in order and wouldn’t be waiting for customers all day. There's many ways people can act predatorial towards others and "extract" from their victims to seemingly enrich themselves. I would take this warning as advice to be aware of anyone that may take advantage, emotionally, socially or financially. Google New Orleans vampires there’s a huge community there. *There are actual vampires in NOLA.* 

She could also be talking about spiritual vampires (those who want to spiritually and emotionally drain you). Likely she was talking about the real ones though. As for not being able to “see” them, she may mean that they look like ordinary people passing by. As someone who lives in New Orleans, everyone is pretty open and talkative. Which is a bit of a cultural shock at first. It takes a while to learn discernment and figure out who is just trying to manipulate you. Drinking is a big thing here and that definitely fogs the vision a bit. Once I stopped drinking I had way less vampire encounters Energy suckers man .. those are the worst !!! Energy vampires. I wonder if she sensed your dynamic in your family and that aspect of you.  I feel like we can tun from one toxic situation anx it can cone up in our lives where ever we go because there is something for us to release.  Its a cycle until you heal what life wants you to.  Thats just my take on it.  But its possible you still carry that karma so to speak and thats what she sensed.  But i guess she was pretty specific about the familiar 🤔 Yeah there are vampires. They are rarely a physical being though, more like a parasitic ghost.

I suppose it’s possible some of these vampiric spirits have cult-like followings of human “familiars” to collect blood or energy for them. Haven’t heard much about it but many powerful spirits can influence people.

There’s a great book: Vampires the Occult Truth by Konstantinos, it lays it all out. Actual walking corpse physical vampires are apparently rare but not out of the question. I think the vampiric spirit can get powerful enough to reanimate its body or possess another.

Anyways check out the book it’s great. Good luck out there! I think I received a similar message from a reading about moving to NOLA too. The reader just said it differently, but energetically to me it’s the same. He said: don’t associate with people who are still very attached to their ego. (Ego-maniacs)

I understood the energy of what he said, because my parents are both ego-maniacs and I was a little sad to connect to it to the people I had already met in town. At the time I really didn’t know how to differentiate a truly caring person and someone pretending to be caring and it’s actually taken a few years of trial and error to get it. If you feel exhausted or euphoric (extremes) after interacting with them, they are not truly caring. Truly mutually beneficial connections have the benefit happen simultaneously and it usually feels very calming and fulfilling. It is not, I do this for you and then you pay me back in the way I have decided you pay me back. loets of living entities in NOLA for sure, as well as underground vampire communities. I dont think they go out & target people but you can sell ur blood (I know this cuz a friend of mine sold his blood to vampires once.) However there is a ton of spiritual warfare going on down there. & def predators, but also amazing people as well. She’s warned you about Lestat Why didn't you ask her this question, can I ask 🤔?

Is there a way to clarify with her?

For me it is always better to clarify with the person who said the message than with other people. A lot gets lost in translation. It seems she had a specific message for you and here is a little bit of exploration/indagation in the comments...

I hope your move goes very well!! Energetic vampires. NOLA and pretty much Louisiana as a whole is a big ‘weak spot’ in the portal/veil. Celebrities Did you ask for clarification/did she offer any? I was thinking vampires as more of energy drainers. People who suck your energy. But then they said you’d only be able to see their familiars and now I’m just as confused as you OP 😂 be careful out there! Dark energy in Nola. I would not recommend living there. She didn’t mean blood sucking vampires. It’ll suck your positive energy out of you. I’ve experienced it every time I go there. That’s why I don’t go anymore Are you open to sharing your psychic’s information? Does she have a business to contact? If not I understand, it’s just that I’ve been meaning to find someone who is pet say legit and knowledgeable in that area. I trust you've subscribed to r/Louisiana and are aware of how things are moving politically in that state?  You definitely need to be extremely careful in every single possible way there.

My family has a long and very deep history there but I wouldn't and won't set foot there for love or money. Watch out for the Pig People also Energy vampires im assuming Can you dm her info Your psychic loved the show "True Blood". Yay! Welcome to our pretty city. Definitely join r/NewOrleans it’s hilarious but also a good source of local issues. We do have vampires here and it’s always wise to shield and have a good BS meter. But the city is also very friendly and welcoming, so please don’t assume everyone’s terrible. It’s the south so you’ll find yourself in all sorts of random conversations with locals, the majority of these interactions being magical in the best ways. I’ve always found the city to be profoundly magical and my experience is that the city provides exactly what you need/deserve. The karma here seems instantaneous at times, so watch out for that, and the magic is very old. People either love it or hate it. They don’t mean the blood sucking vampires!they just mean the vampires that suck the good emotions out of you! New Orleans is a place with great energy. I'm sure she meant to watch out for those who feed on people's energy and leave them with dark or negative energy. sounds like referencing to The Originals show about the vampires For what it's worth; Not all psychics are legit and legit psychics are not always 100% correct. So decide for yourself what to take from that. Be smart, be safe and always practice psychic protection. 💜 Years ago psychics would make a tape of sessions so you can reflect back on your reading. Sometimes you are given a lot of information and if you stop to think hard about just one element of what’s said you will miss a link. Next time ask for a taping and/ or if you can use your phone to record sessions. You need to get in touch with her to get clarification of your reading… it does you no good if you don’t understand what she was saying and/ or implying. Some readers charge a hefty sum for readings and I’m sure you want your money’s worth. 

You shouldn’t have to guess and/ or have other people interpret what a reader told you, you deserve to get a official and accurate reading that’s chrystal clear to you! The mind is narrative, Spirit is simple. If what’s happening in your head is a whole story or a linear thought-out process, that’s likely your mind. If it’s a complete & instant “Knowing”, an emotion, or one or two words, that’s likely Spirit/intuition. Have the mindset that your other clairs are developing and your claircognizance is your strongest Clair. I also share this problem but when I started to change my mind set I've been noticing static, floaters which indicates my clairvoyance is developing and I also have started to have ringing in my ears. Just keep practicing and everything will fall into its place easily. To put it very simply, your intuition or intuitive messages will be a light to tap on the door, whereas your own thoughts and fears will be a bang on the door. If it’s loud, it’s probably not your intuition. That’s how I see it A message should feel like a rudimentary thought form that comes more quickly and consciously. You then interpret that with what question you had. This is my personal experience.

Typically, information that comes specifically through my left ear is from my guides, for myself.  Information that comes through the right ear is for other people.

I don't know if it works for others this way.

Here's what I'd suggest, after your meditation, take 5-10 minutes and write down anything you heard, that you could make out, first. 

Then write down the thoughts in your head, even if they seem random or irrelevant.

Note any feelings in your body, "my shoulder feels weird" "my feet were tingling" "Chest feels tight" "throat is sore" or "totally normal"

Make a note of any images in your mind.  Describe them or even sketch them out.

Pick a color.  Whatever come to mind first 

Are there any numbers that come to mind?  If not, write down the time.

I have a chart that I use to prompt me on all these things ready to go as soon as I'm ready to write.  I've personally found this EXTREMELY helpful to distinguish psychic information.

I hope this helps.  Also, if anyone has ideas to add, please comment.  We can all learn from each other.

As always, remember to be kind, practice compassion. I might not quite have "clairaudince" but i know its normal. The reson being what sorcerers call "left side awarness". It is refering to that energy tends to be distributet unequally in the body, so often the left eye and the left ear would be more "psychic" then the right once. In my experience, I tend to hear things out of one of my ears not both. Not that I’m doubting you, but what makes you think you’ve been getting negative energy from this woman? What specifically is the result of this bad energy? Is it something you noticed yourself? Or is this just something a few psychics have told you about? Yes if you can talk to her and maybe even things out its best option before doing in any magickal activities.

And even she is sending any bad energy, just regular cleansing, meditation and grounding will build you energy body so you don't have to worry about negative influence. Yes it may be a good idea to reach out to her to solve any problems you have with her. sometimes communications is necessary for her to heal/stop hating you so she will stop sending bad energy.

if she isn’t willing to communicate then I guess you will need to find a way to protect your energy so that her bad energy can’t affect you as much The easiest way to stop a curse is stop feeding it. No one can hurt you more than your own paranoia Uhm is it bad that I know that one of my friends is gonna be marrying a person with the initials JG? Meditation, sleep mask and ear buds.

Obviously you won't be sleeping but when I meditate I use ear buds or I use headphones and listen to meditating music so I block out any thoughts or sounds  that may distract me. don't need to lose focus on whats around. Concentrate. the sleep mask I've been using helps me see things behind my eyelids or in my minds eye. Including faces. Well, sure environment has an affect on our mental, emotional, physical and spiritual development.  That said, it's hard to say what affect various environments would have on someone.  Sometimes adversity makes people more psychically open whether or not being psychic equates with one's spirituality is pretty individualistic though. People are complete products of their environments. I do mean 100%. So, yes. I don't know what your goals are, but one of the biggest environmental negative influences on children (besides parents) are school systems. In many ways, but primarily influences from peers. I've been to a few different school districts, the smaller ones always seemed much better (though poorer and likley less educational), the peers are better. Cities… I think it depends on the situation. But being able to sink really deep into relaxed meditation helps. Shamanic journeying and obe's help.And it takes practice to discern what's really there and what your mind wants to invent.

Maybe start with shamanic journeying. There are guided meditations on Youtube to help with that.   
Then try obe's.   
Everything is energy and we're all connected. I really believe anyone can remote view with enough practice.  


Good luck! Not sure but this might help r/remoteviewing Try and imagine you're in a white room and there's a door. Ask whatever and open the door. Do not think and allow the picture to come. Or you don't even need to imagine a white room. It's quite an easy method and quick. Lookup Monroe institute gateway project. I believe the cia research into this was part of the remote viewing programs. Memorys a bit fuzzy There was a type of remote viewing where you could look out of someone elses eyes thousands of miles away. It takes the skill of the host person though, they are professionaly trained and the link you in via a form of hynotism. Yes!!! Thank you for typing “remote viewing” I have been wanting to research this for 2 weeks and I could not for the life of me remember what it was called.  🤣👍 You ever hear that saying about not being on the same wavelength as other people?   

Or have those friends of friends you just can’t get seem to really ‘click’ with? You’ve got the same friends, same interests, same sense of humour, and in theory you should get along like a house on fire too, and yet….you just don’t 

We aren’t all on the same wavelength! It happens when giving readings too, some people you just can’t read, for absolutely no good reason at all, it just doesn’t happen. Life is just like that. Some people are naturally more defensive (and naturally better at mentally shielding & blocking others), some people work at blocking others, illness both physical and mental can block it, tiredness and stress do, being over emotional can do massively. On either or both sides. Sometimes it’s a temporary thing, sometimes it’s more permanent but some people just aren’t on your wavelength and you just aren’t on theirs. Hope you guys are having fun. Spirit are everywhere and near you all the time. I can record them in any cemetery,  public places like retail outlets, hospitals, and many homes. etc. Most are ghosts (stuck for some reason) but some may also be from the light. Any being telling you an exact future is either in a deception themselves or trying to trick you. Maybe both.

You might be able to make an educated guess based on patterns you’re seeing but there’s no way to know exactly what will happen in the future. That’s the nature of the chaotic energy of the universe. Makes things more exciting. Seeing the same numbers frequently is a synchronicity, and a lot of the time they will appear when you are thinking abou/feeling something in order to tell you something about it, such as that you are on the right track, etc. I believe 777 is a good sign, and I’d recommend you to look up something like “angel number 777” or “777 synchronicity meaning”. A definition of synchronicity is, “an event of spiritual significance that ask us to momentarily dampen our self-obsession and consider the possibility of the divine. Synchronistic experiences leave us with a curious sense that we should pay attention.”

As for the dreams and the voice in your head, they are most likely precognitive dreams, which are basically dreams that predict the future. You should definitely keep a dream journal if you aren’t already. Most of my precognitive dreams are about events that happen between right when I wake up to when I fall asleep the next day, though some can be about events months from when I had the dream. Although, if the warnings are about really bad things happening and making you feel scared or depressed, etc, then it may be a negative entity that is going into your dreams. As to where the voice comes from if it really is precognitive, it’s your subconscious/your higher self, although none of my precognitive dreams have downright told me in words what it is, so it might be a spirit guide/benevolent entity for some reason. Id say listen to them 777.. is mostly from my side yeah Compared to average people, you sound very unburdened and free; even just how vividly you can do this while in a conscious state is above average. Many people might have blockages put in place by others, at least according to my recent research, and some people are troubled by spirits doing unwanted things to them.

I've wanted to be able to meditate in peace without sudden intrusions created by other beings, let alone see through my mind's eye clearly enough; yet things can often be staticky. And my greatest dream has been to imagine my own realities similar to how you described, however that's very difficult for me to do consciously. I have seen beings and practiced telepathy with them. Can do it with certain people, some people are like bricks.

Most people who hear me just smile, some have told me they aren't supposed to talk about it. Pretty interesting to practice telepathy with someone and then have them respond verbally as well.

Have also noticed some people's eyes have certain odd qualities, when they appear to me others freak out when they see me - think they can see my aura or whatever as well.

One person whose eyes appeared blue - white dots all over, looked at me and said "you're not supposed to be here" and ran away. 

One person saw floating candy that one of these people gave to me before. I decided not to eat the candy.


Can I see otherworldly entities or something? Lovely. Let's make mediumship (and the world's information flow in general) more efficient:

Traditional mediumship is inefficient because the medium can only connect one person and one spirit at one time. Most people don't know how to get information directly, and the number of practising mediums is small. Let's instead drag people into this newly constructed place where they can send or perceive spiritual information better. Now more people can get connected at the same time and one person communicating to multiple people at once is possible. And unlike traditional mediumship, the entire sensory stream is available for connection.

Enjoy what the world should be like. I want to be pulled into the astral 🙋‍♀️ lol
But also, you might enjoy r/astreality they do fun astral meetup projects you would LOVE. They just had a easter egg hunt on their island for spring! Where they leave objects and others go and try to find them and guess what they left and where. You might even be able to be a huge asset to their events with your AP helper gifts. 

Here is their island: 
[Astrealitys Hoclaros Island ](https://www.reddit.com/r/Astreality/comments/qseh3z/updated_hoclaros_map/?utm_medium=android_app&utm_source=share)
& The Sigil to draw for the portal entrance:
[Island Portal Sigil](https://www.reddit.com/r/Astreality/comments/hp16v1/cleaner_version_of_ukkbolitos_hoclaros_sigil/?utm_medium=android_app&utm_source=share)

The second subreddit that has a location meet up is:

r/AstralArmy 
&their Portal Sigil and location info is:
[AstralArmy Portal Sigil](https://www.reddit.com/r/AstralArmy/comments/7iozi7/how_to_get_to_our_location/?utm_medium=android_app&utm_source=share) Yes.

One time a woman was trying to take my job. At the time I was her boss. I sent her to another state to do some training with an office we had there. A tree fell on her car. The next time she was in a different state, and she got food poisoning. She was stuck in the hotel for three days. She quit.

Things like that happen with me all the time. 

You just have to remember not to be happy about it, don’t celebrate their loss. That would be against Karma. Not sure if it's the same as this but when I feel really angry and disturbed due to someone hurting me or saying mean things, it seems to affect them. I once lent some money to a friend/co-worker inspite of his bad history of repaying the money on time because he was almost begging me to give him money. He didn't return the money at the time he promised. Later, he left the job and when I contacted him about the money, he started to abuse me and said mean things. I felt very disturbed for days thinking this is what I get for helping someone in need. After getting back at him, he did promise to pay the money back soon but that was again a lie. I also got to know that he took money from one of my other friends who I had lent money to on the pretext of giving it back to me but he never did. This infuriated me a lot, I had a lot of negative feelings and anger towards him. Later when I tried to get in touch with him, I got to know that he died in an accident! The person I spoke with also sent me a photo as proof of him being dead in the accident and tbh the accident seemed to be pretty bad. I have a pure heart and feel that if someone tries to mess up with it, I have the ability to curse that person. Listen, wait, just be open. I ask questions. I take directions.

I meditate I will say from my experience. It was a bit hard at first. I tried to do automatic writing but it was a bit tricky. But it got better later on as my heart chakra cleared up more. The first I channeled is my on and off partner's higher self. I meditated and tried to asked his higher self "Allow me to feel your energy".... thus I did and I tried not to think and just let the thoughts come out. Some of these beings had very powerful energy, like it could break open my body as most these were from a higher place. It's just possession in a way but you are in control and can kick them out. Now I don't really do it much these days. Just simple telepathy and reading their energy to know if they are who they say they are. There is a similarity that all channelers share, beside being the Creator, they all meditate. 

Some channeler may take days or years for conditioning to takes its place. While in meditation, while the intellect is silent, the desire to channel start taking place, there is a pressure in the jaw, the body tends to move automatically, one starts to feel like one is reading a book, concepts are being impressed slowly. There will be a pressure in the backnof the head, in the cerebellum, because the higher self or a higher being its sending a narrow band frequency of thoughts, it is the entrance point of conditioning. 

There has to be a desire and intent to serve the One Infinite Creator. This desire is an impetus, a driving force. Avail the self to the Creator within and this shall take place. All in meditation. What does channeling mean to you? Is it a flow of energy or information? Is it allowing another spirit to borrow your body? These things can happen. Mind over matter is a reality. Unfortunately most of us are unaware how powerful are we are.

John I have, I personally could do telekinesis, but I haven't figured out how I do it yet. When my mom gets spooked from a show or anything her tv and devices act strangely with weird screen tears and pauses to a complete shutoff, I try not to let her watch spooky stuff now. Yeah I get this a lot but it mainly makes things fall over or fly about. The other day my girlfriend came to check at me at work because paintings kept falling of the wall and I’d been having an awful day Around the time of my extreme psychic awakening I felt energy or something shoot out of my body in all directions and it make the bed of the mental institution I was in squeak and wiggle and the room shook slightly. This happened twice in about a 10 min period. Hasn't happened years since. Years ago I would walk into a room and the light blows out. Happened like 4-5 times hasnt happened in a while. This post just made me remember That’s cool af! I don’t do that but I once had an electric swoosh suddenly go through my head and the power went completely out! I also asked my spirit guides to prove they were real and asked them to set of my fire alarm and they did within seconds, months later I asked again bc I was seriously doubting and they set it off AGAIN -within seconds! I also feel spirits around me and touch me several times a week. It’s wild [deleted] It’s kus everything is energy including our emotions so that is why it influences everything else around us A long time ago, but was fighting with my mom and a lightbulb literally flickered & fizzled out in our house. Did you know that telekinesis is totally real scientifically speaking?

It's just almost impossible to replicate or control especially under scientific observation.

But telekinesis itself has ben well documented even in animals for many years. Unfortunately, it's almost impossible to control (in the state of today's science). It's a natural phenomenon that usually happens *unconsciously*.

It does happen. We just don't know how. Hahahahahahahaha [removed] Kind of. My tv freezes. sounds like a super-normal ability that can be honed.. I believe its possible Yeah...lights, radios, anything involving cell phone towers.

One time I told my friend how I could turn speakers and lights off and on from across the room. He said I was a witch and if I did it again he'd stop talking to me.Also I come from a conservative Christian background...so I took that as a sign that I shouldn't mess with energy like that. I haven't tried it since.

But yea, intense moods definitely affect the world around me.Everything is energy so it makes sense.. I will explain but anyway, nobody will give a damn about it  so... yawn... We’re all different so if you don’t get that gut feeling, that’s okay, you may just receive information differently and not be aware what your ‘tells’ are, for want of a better word. 

Personally, I find intuition is cool, detached, calm and unemotional, very matter of fact, but anxiety is quite urgent, it’s emotional and repetitive. Intuition (unless I’m actively performing a reading and wanting to tune into it deliberately) is just a thought that appears from nowhere, there’s no train of thought or no discernible track where that that thought came from. Anxiety has a trail. 

If I’m painting and decorating I may be thinking about laying dust sheets, checking my brushes, getting the scissors and masking tape so if suddenly from nowhere I have a matter of fact thought that my neighbours cat is stuck in a shed across the road, that’s intuition. I wasn’t thinking about the neighbour or the cat, I wasn’t thinking anything remotely connected to them, the thought just crashed into my head. There’s no emotion in that thought, although my emotion will follow after the thought when I’m panicking for the cat!

If that thought wasn’t about the cat or the neighbour, say it was a thought I’d kick the paint over and ruin the carpet, that’s anxiety. I was thinking about decorating, my mind is focused on it so I can see a clear train of thought that would lead me to the anxious thought. It’s a panicking kind of thought and it repeats screaming in my head. Anxieties are often fear based. Intuition isn't based on fear. Its more of a knowing instead of beign afraid.

Over time youwill learn how to discern those two better. Intuition is more of a flash. 
Anxiety is more intrusive. 
Dunno if that makes sense. 🤷🏼‍♀️ Intuition for me is just knowing.
Anxiety makes me indecisive.

If I question it and I'm unsure: anxiety.
If I question it and I still feel like it's true/right/going to happen: intuition.

I'm like you, very detached. No emotion to my intuition. So that's why I also cognitively analyze it to tell the difference.

The times it is a feeling it's a flowing blanaced feeling. Anxiety feels stressed, rushed and "bumpy". Haha Completely normal. Third eye in particular is very sensitive and many people like you will instantly feel pressure here. If you continue you are working on your third eye and opening it.

Yes you should continue even if its uncomfortable unless you start getting headache and also don't forget to work on your lower chakras first. They tend to be very neglected. If you ever hear instructions to harm yourself or another, that is psychotic. Psychic attunement is peaceful, uplifting, and supportive. Just don’t go blindly fallowing the words of something. Much love and peace. But has an actual radio station tuned in to you. It’s scary and overwhelming. If you ever hear voices telling you to harm yourself or another, please seek medical intervention. try to think of it not as good and bad, real or non real, but as phenomena that promote love/truth/happiness or phenomena that promote delusion/anger/desire. there is no clear answer, but you may have other useful thoughts as you ponder the question Two pieces of advice. 1. Practice grounding exercises. This means honoring your current ego and physical body in a healthy way, whether that be through excercise or visualizing energetic roots that connect you to earth. Sometimes, we can get too caught up with the crown/soul connection that it causes dissociation. You may even access information that isn't really meant for you, and that can lead you astray. Balance is key. This will help with the psychosis. 

2. Work on clearing out energy blockages/unbalanced energy centers. Many times, this can be caused by trauma or fear. And this can block the flow of your energy. Everyone channels energy differently, so some people are more affected than others depending on where those blockages are.  Once you do that, your gifts will become much stronger. This is not something that can typically be done in a day. It takes consistent practice. I'm also connected to my higher self and higher than the higher self, source. We're like radios true, but we are are 'it'. It takes practice, time, logic to understand your thoughts more and where it could come from. I read the energy source of the words I gain to know if it's lower vibe or higher vibe, energy vampire like. Just be a good energy reader, understand how it makes you feel, try to see if there's any 'false' light or if it's truly light by finding the the root. What mental illness are you talking about if you don't mind disclosing? start to meditate I have experience with opening my third eye I started meditating 3 days and then one night I felt this pressure right in the middle of my eyebrow and if it gets to much pressure just breathe but if you don’t feel it then keep practicing Before you open your third eye, make sure you are spiritually awakened and balance your lower chakras so that you are grounded and don't get overwhelmed. Looking at your comments, I'm not sure if it's a good idea to open your third eye forcefully without having some solid foundations. These solid foundations are meditation and a belief system, among others. Awakening the third eye will take a toll on your spiritual and mental strength if you are not ready. It's like asking to join a rally race when you haven't even got your driver's license. It's a BIG risk. But you do you. i think the experience of opening your third eye is going to be different and special for each individual, but when it happens you’ll know without a shadow of a doubt. mine almost popped, it felt like i had finally made enough connections in my thinking and something snapped I hope this helps you Avoid tf out of florinated water. It attaches to the pineal gland.  Im always much sharper the less I drink.  Take magnesium citrate as it will help your body remove it. Hey, at least you're not the only weirdo! 👋 Hi, I'm a weirdo in public too.

I don't have answers, I only have solidarity. I really caution against using psychedelics until one can command their focus & will their energy. At the very least, absolutely microdose. 

3D reality envelopes us like an eggshell. It's both a boundary/limitation, as well as a protective sheath. Trauma & spiritual practice both knock at &/or chip away at this boundary. Psychedelics can blow it wide open, allowing consciousness to traverse far past it. But as this crack allows you to go out, it also can allow things to come in. This is the basis of psychic phenomena. People are eager to shatter this line, but experience & wisdom teaches us to love this line, & to develop a pure sensitive subtle state which allows us to sense the vibrations around this line safely. What you term as an awakening, objectively, could be judged as a breakdown.

So if we pad this premise out a bit and go along the timeline to now, what we are witnessing seems to be along the same lines of disassociation. 

Acting 'weird' as you term it would be perceived to me as acting uncontrollably.

I'd say it's a health issue that you've confused with a few different things. Sure you've probably unlocked some different perceptions, but has it been advantageous to you? Doesn't sound like you are either in control or able to interpret the energy in a healthy way.

Am I totally wrong, before your ego downvotes the f out of me? It took me a long time to get comfortable in public. Out of my 7 year journey into spirituality, only in this last year have I finally fortified myself enough to not be moved by other people's energy. 

Most of that came from yeah, healing myself and teaching myself the power of my belief, and how my negative beliefs were manifesting themselves and working against me. Once I figured that out, and started putting positive beliefs in place... Well, I basically feel invincible now. Nobody can stop me, and I'm the master of my reality. 

It's good you feel full of love tho, idk if you believe in God but they love that. If you're open to psychedelics, I 100% recommend using them to find God, or your higher power/guide etc. Last Christmas I was reunited with God during a trip and it really sunk in the truth around me. It also opened my connection and I can hear them much better now, even sober.

Set your intention ahead of time, like a week. Say okay, on this day and this time I will do this psychedelic (I've only tried LSD and shrooms) and make contact with God. Keep that intention in place and think about what you wanna ask, know, experience etc. God appreciates wanting to make contact, so I guarantee you will encounter SOMETHING good if you set that intention. They'll spill all the tea for you, or at least the tea you need in that moment. Just be open to the answers. I am weird in public.  I choose to not care what others think.  So I randomly ask a person.. hey do you know a tall blond with blue eyes.. oh she passed.  Well what is her name.  Oh Janet. Ok well Janet says she is watching over you and that the bills will get paid and stop stressing.  

*Leaves behind a confused, teary eyed cashier and a line of confused people behind me.*

I often see spirits when out in public and have to be polite and cheery while trying to not appear to weird because i have freaked people out by causing a spirit to become visible to family members and others.  It causes alot of interesting conversations.

Plus im a human lie detector. I can tell when salesmen and others are lying to me. same, i totally feel and understand this. waking up is so isolating. Obsidian for protection, my dear. I agree totally with u/fromtheredwoods, I do not use drugs of any kind. I hate them as they "do stuff" to my physical body.  migraine and stuff. I do not use them.  and in your case and position, I would not recommend them either.

In my experience, have you seen dragon ball?  I do that,  I project fire from my manipura chakra (the one in the plexus) and it surrounds me, protecting me and burning everything that comes to me that should not arrive.

Keep meditating, work on your belief system, and you will get there. for sure.  We are all here for you, u/Ok_Argument1174 You can try LSD to heal any past traumas. Worked wonders for me! What do you mean by being "weird" in public? They tell you you’ve got a curse/been hexed/bad juju/negative energy they just so happen to be able to fix…. For a fee of course. 

They contact you out of the blue because ‘they feel drawn to you’. No really, they aren’t and you really aren’t their ‘beloved’ either..,, 

They want your DOB, full name, mothers maiden name, SS or NI number, 3 photographs and inside leg measurements. Asking for ONE of those should suffice for them to anchor to. DOB may result in an astrological or numerology reading, which is okay if that’s what you want, but not really a ‘psychic’ reading. Asking for all that information should be a major red flag. Don’t give any information you aren’t comfortable with, a good reader will understand. And no, don’t ever give you SS, NI or mothers maiden name out. Keep your wits about you. 

Your ‘reading’ costs more than a months rent 

They want to charge you for a cleansing 

They give you an egg/spirit jar/energy water/white cloth/insert any other prop to bring back in a months time so they can ‘review’ whether you need further services. (The original set up is usually free, it’s when you return they use this prop to claim you’re under spiritual attack, demonic presence/bad energies etc)

They try to upsell you crystals/spells/candles. If you really want to buy X after a reading, source the thing yourself. Plenty of people get conned spending way too much money for what are in all honesty pretty painted rocks that should cost pennies

They insist you need more readings or ‘services’ more than once every 6/8 months 

They tell you they can guarantee your future or claim to be 100% accurate 100% of the times. Especially about future predictions

They say they will draw your soul mate

They claim to be able to remove any blockages that is keeping your soulmate away/money away/stopping you being happy

They post offers on the spiritual Reddit subs asking you to ‘comment ME’ below

They want a ‘donation’ before they’re even done a reading for you

They approach you first rather than you contact them (this applies in person as well as online) 

They ask too many questions (asking if you have a sibling then telling you about your relationship with your younger sister is good, asking if you have a sister, then asking if you get on, then asking how you feel about her before declaring ‘you don’t really get on with your sister do you? Not so good. Some questions should be asked for clarity and to ensure your reader is on the right track)

They ‘read’ things that is openly & readily available information online (if you comment asking about a particular cars details on a car sub here, it’s not rocket science to conclude you may be thinking about purchasing that same car!) 

The reading sounds vague enough that you could read it to a few friend and they’d relate exactly to it too. 

Nothing makes sense on the reading, you can’t relate to anything they say and they still insist they’re right and you’re wrong. 

I’ll add more when I think of them! The only thing I would say do is steer clear of spiritualists who have thousands of followers on Twitter (or other mindless apps) who charge hundreds of dollars for things as simple as divination sessions. A LOT of people get turned away from mystical acts simply because of these individuals whose whole existence is fueled by their spirituality hot-takes on an app. 
I offer readings for free. Of course donations are accepted, but I'd never charge someone for asking the divine/universe questions about their life. Especially when in today's society most people don't have any real connection with the unseen. 

If you want to guage someone's legitimacy, ask them where they get their teachings, how they initiated themselves in the belief system, or how they noticed they had psychic abilities. Trust your intuition. More often than not you will be able to sense bs. I mean. The spirits guiding youand/or universe is  always around. I doubt they would lie to a sincere individual looking for assistance. 

✨️ Big money up front usually means  big BS . if they say they can take away your negative energy or if they charge a lot of money theyre scammers One told me that I was born with a dark cloud hovering above me. I believe that though, as hard as it was to hear. Read into the art of mentalist or mentalism. Knowing the tricks of the trade can help distinguish authenticity from performers. I just know. I thought this said “Physics.” I would watch out for those who are all about $$$.  If they cannot do anything without you showing some money or want to take advantage of the situation with rising rates or ambiguous rates, then they are scamming you.  I went on a haunted walking tour with a very well-known medium who used to be on television.  He said he would not be doing any readings that night and then went on and on about how psychic he is and all the wonderful things he can do.  At no point in the night, did he add to the walking tour except for bragging about his "gifts."  I started thinking to myself, that if this person did have a gift, he would want to make believers out of everyone and we would then happily pay a fee for a reading.  But he refused and just kept talking about how gifted he was and how many spirits he communicated with.  He then told people they could contact him for a $300/hour reading since he was so gifted.  Trust your instincts and if it sounds like a scam, it usually is. In my experience,if they ask questions at all. The good psychics I've been to have never played 20 questions with me lol. They won't consciously (or unconsciously - tho being involuntarily psychic isn't uncommon) react to the movements of your inner world. 

The big secret is that we can all do this.

A fake psychic can be a real psychic, they're just too busy in their head playing the role of one, rather than facing the realities of others, and therefore picking up on their deeper thoughts and energies. It’s pretty easy to tell when ur face to face with them, but lets be honest too anyone who messages you for a read or says they can read you from anywhere, they’re probably full of it you won’t question if they are fake or not, it will be obvious to you. validation is part of their job. By asking them exactly what they feel when they have a premonition, how it translates from spirit to themselves, and how they decipher the message intended. They call it a gift, I sometimes wonder about that. References Period. They are all fake All of them are fake I was scammed by a woman who has a YouTube channel and does readings. She asked a ton of questions and actually just confirmed everything I said. (This was before I figured out my psychic abilities.) I started developing my abilities and unknowingly attracted a demon. I contacted the woman in a panic pleading for her help and she completely ignored me. It was a rude awakening. My Guardian Angel later confirmed to me the woman was a scam artist. I felt so stupid. yes….they charge money No, people have to develop their own judgement and process of discernment. Nevermind the psychic space, so much of human culture is fake and that fakeness is promoted or even originally laid down by the very systems we trust to induct us into human culture e.g., the education system, scientific communities and authorities of all kinds

By now, what is actually fake is so widely believed that good natured people defend their fake beliefs and cling to them as though their lives would only have meaning if what they have learned is true.

So now, from such a mess how can psychics be monitored for quality? Take doctors, we have to be registered on a board or council and this gives people confidence that their doctors know what they are talking about. Together with their dedication to learning and passing exams it also gives the doctor confidence that they know what they are talking about and practicing. However, all of that is fake from another more advanced perspective on health and so in the bigger picture the regulations and monitoring of that profession is meaningless. If you can't meaningfully regulate the healthcare profession, then what chance is there with psychics? Muscle testing. Read dr hawkins power v force 1. Inauthentic by intuition/ it feels wrong/ like a performance. Claim to be ‘woke’ and use a lot of buzz words; tribe lol. 
2. Claim to be or channel influential people / idols/ Jesus (101 for fraud, the amount of people who apparently can all do this at the same time in interesting maybe Jesus had BPD 😂).
3. Unable to share anything concrete and non-generic about your past. Never trust anyone to provide you insight into your present or potential paths who cannot effectively share about your past. 
4. Play hot and cold with you.
5. Money minded/ offers seem like MLM. They want you to buy bundles of services and offer very little 1:1 live service. I do not do pre-recorded personalised services, this is only adequate for information/ learning.
6. Self absorbed and boast about material things, having a following in itself is not an issue, but how we refer to people who associate with us is telling. 
7. They often spiritual bypass a lot, never address it and share about how their services can rid you of developmental trauma for example. Nope. Get a talk therapist. 
8. They emphasise tools over practice. Don’t get me wrong, we all love a good crystal, but that is not the practice and often appropriates other cultures and practices. They often sell a whole load of aesthetically amazing gear too. I don’t need any cups, feather pens or crystals from a psychic though. 
9. They just came out of nowhere from the corporate world. Often spiritual people are humble and they don’t care about money so they are less inclined to find themselves in these environments for long periods of time before exercising their gifts. Sounds like a nest egg, retirement plan with free holiday retreats to me. 🤣🤣 
10. They spend a lot of time evaluating or bashing others instead of on the work.
11. None of their prior psychic work is robust and they have poor reviews. Or claim to have 100% success rate. I don’t even have 100% success rate controlling how much salt I put in my food. Usually if they're trying too hard lol or if they keep nagging you to pay because "the spirits have an urgent message for you". Channeling? OK everybody saying it's "possession" is incorrect. Calm down. You'll be fine. People jump to extreme negatives so quickly.

I totally share this gift with you. I have these same things happen when I do a reading. My voice changes, my mannerisms, everything. Just because you experience this DOES NOT mean you have gotten possessed.

It does mean that you most likely are a trance medium, have some telepathic ability, and some deeply empathic ability. I myself have these abilities. I have done channeling and some physical mediumship as well and I am not possessed. People freak out at what they don't understand.

I really think this is mostly linked to telepathic abilities. Telepathy as most commonly experienced doesn't mean reading peoples' minds--but you are able to read their intentions and their "vibe" very easily.

So questions for you--

Do you seem to "know" people when you first meet them? I mean you just meet them, yet you have a very good idea of what their personality is like? Whether they are trustworthy or not, dangerous, or kind, or high energy/low energy, etc.?

Have you ever answered someone's question before they asked it? Most probably someone close to you?

Have you ever gotten a vibe right away that someone is dangerous and you noped out for no reason right away?

When you do readings for people, do you get the feelings of how they passed? Feel pain in the lungs and find out they had breathing issues? Had pain in the head and found it was an aneurism?

All this is signs of telepathy. It overlaps with the other clairs--but it's like you have more of a direct tie to the qualia (or the direct subjective experience) of another person. You tune into others minds very easily. You may not read their exact thoughts, but you're pretty darn sure of what they are thinking.

Your mind is like a radio tuner that just really easily glommed onto the frequency of the spirit you were talking to. The spirit got excited that you tuned in so well and they went in strong. It doesn't mean you actually let them take over your body. It's more like they are standing right behind you very close, metaphorically speaking, and you're temporarily sharing an aura.

If it gets uncomfortable tell them to back off. Tell them you've cut contact and it's time to leave. Shake it off (literally). Move your body, dance around. Take a walk. Do something YOU specifically like to do and reclaim your space. Imagine white loving light purifying your energy body and aura and know that you occupy your own space and mind and nobody else.

It can be scary, and weird because not a lot of people have this experience/ability. Because it's not that common people freak out and jump to negative conclusions and throw around words like possession, oppression, etc. It's nonsense.

State your intentions to communicate and communicate only before you begin. Make it clear you only communicate with spirit that is aligned with love and light and kindness and compassion only. Protect yourself, then clearly tell them you're done, then cleanse your energy. Channeling…or trance mediumship Channelling (mediumship), or empathic absorption. 

Given that you felt tired after, probably channelling. I advise looking into energy cultivation methods, like qigong. The oracles of Tibet that channel the spirit kings have a shortened lifespan doing this kind of work. It could be many different things. However, control is priority when expanding consciousness and things of the like. It would be wise to have protection of some sort and have firm boundaries. If energy/entities come in and out of you like a convenience store then that’s definitely not good. Although performing Work can sometimes leave a person drained but something like that is most likely something else using your energy. A prudent/cautious way of doing divination or any kind of Work would be to cleanse, protect, connect, Work, cleanse again, and ground. Ask them to step back It's called posession. If you don't choose to do it and control it, it's not good. It is a sign of lack of control of your own astral body and weak psychic defences. The danger is that the spirits may not leave or can infect you with negative energy making you ill or drain your energy causing low emotion, heart palpitations, dizziness, exhaustion or nausea. lMongolian and voodoo shaman are trained to control this. The general rule is don't let other beings into your energy field unless you invite them and control it. Psychic realities offer many amazing experiences, but being amazing is no guarrantee they are safe. The ability is called trance mediumship. It's found in the crown chakra. Trance mediumship is the ability to allow another being to come into your body and take over for awhile. This is different from what are called mediums, which are psychics that can talk to spirit guides and relay messages. It's sometimes called channeling, but that can mean different things, from channeling energy or information all the way to bringing in a being into your body.

Well done on recognizing that a different soul personality has entered your body. Great first step.

If you wish to read people and not bring in beings, you need to be grounded. Here's why:

You already know what it feels like to be high on an energy level. That's the vibration that spirit guides will match and come into your body. Grounding it the opposite in one sense, but more complex than higher or lower vibration conveys.

Try this. Sit in a chair. Close your eyes. Take a deep breath. Feet flat on the floor. Hands separated and resting palms up on each thigh.

Create a grounding cord. This is a line of energy that connects your first chakra to the center of the planet. Your first chakra is a ball of energy about the size of a quarter that sits just in front of the base of your spine. Your grounding cord attaches to the bottom of that ball of energy.

Grounding makes your body feel safe, so you release energy more easily. Gravity pulls whatever you release, even your own energy, down to the center of the planet. No effort on your part. The center of the planet neutralizes the energy and returns it to whoever owns it. No karma for anyone. A virtuous cycle.

Nearly everyone goes to connect to the center of the planet the first time but stops at the soil, often making roots like a tree. This is a method that is taught in some martial arts styles, but it is not the best option for your spiritual development and healing.

So, notice the seat of your chair. Take a deep breath. Notice the distance between the seat and the floor. Now notice the distance between the floor and the soil below. Breathe.

Now notice the distance between the soil and the water table underneath. Notice the distance between the water table and the rocky mantle. Notice the distance between the mantle and the molten core below that. Deep breath.

Notice the distance between the molten core and the center of the planet. That ball of light at the very center of the planet is where you connect your grounding cord. Deep breath.

Say hello to the center of the planet. Do you get a hello back?

Notice the color and texture of your grounding cord. It may look like a line of energy, or look like something physical; a rope, a wire, a pipe, a tree trunk. Adjust it as needed to be in affinity with your body.

Getting this far means you've already released some energy from your aura and body. Now it is time to fill in the space that was created.

Create a gold sun over your head. Have it call back all of your energy from wherever you left it throughout your day and week. Work. School. Online meetings. Video games. Your fantasies about your future. Your regrets about your past. Wherever you've placed your attention. Just watch the energy come back and see if you notice where it came from.

Have the sun burn up and neutralize your energy. Then bring the sun into the top of your head. It will automatically flow into the spaces you created. Create a gauge to measure when you're full. Like a fuel gauge or oil gauge. You'll run better if you aren't a few quarts low on spiritual oil. If the gauge doesn't read "Full", bring in another gold sun.

Open your eyes, bend over and touch the floor, draining any tension from the back of your neck, then stand up, and stretch.

There is a progression with this technique. After grounding for ten minutes a day for a week or two, notice your grounding cord at the very end, while you're standing with your eyes open. Continue to ground with your eyes open and standing, and bring in another gold sun. Each day, increase the amount of time that you ground standing up with your eyes open.

After a week or two practicing this, add walking while grounded. Just notice your grounding cord as you walk. Say hello to the center of the planet while you walk. Bring in a gold sun while you walk.  If you lose your grounding cord, stop walking and recover it. If you have to, sit back down and close your eyes and create a new grounding cord.

After this, you're ready to take your grounding cord with you into your daily life. Shopping. Getting coffee. Wherever you go, you can ground. This, combined with a little amusement about seeing new things on an energy level, will keep you safe and sound.

Now that you're here, at the end of your grounding meditations, create a gold sun over your head. This time, fill it with your highest creative essence, your present time growth vibration, and your affinity for yourself. The first energy is a healing for you. The second is a healing for your body. The third is a healing for your affinity in your fourth chakra.

Bend over and touch the floor. Stand up and stretch. If you're ready for more, sit back down and ground some more. Otherwise, have a nice day!

Note that every image you imagine, the gold sun, the grounding cord, the center of the planet, your first chakra, your body parts, is exercising your clairvoyance. You may be imagining what your tailbone looks like, but you're also creating the image of your tailbone and reading its energy. This is practicing your clairvoyant ability.

If you ground this way to the center of the planet before you do readings, and notice your grounding at different times during your readings, you'll have a much easier time doing the readings and you won't feel drained when you're done. U are being possessed by the guides, not channeling as per others comments. At least it wasn't bad entities. Take control of yourself by learning how to be a better person first before starting on this kind of journey. Shadow work is really important so work on that before starting anything else. Mental illness Possession 101. Lecture and levitation to follow. There will be a test. Offering 1 FREE Yes/No question per person. In order to allow for everyone to be able to get their 1 question Yes/No, I will not be answering follow-ups. I will be prioritising those who haven’t gotten their 1 question before over those who have been read by me! 

Just a friendly reminder to structure your question in a yes/no format. I look forward to reading for you! :)

Edit: I would prefer to refrain from answering questions on health, legal issues, death and pregnancy. Offering a few free readings for what you need to know/hear right now. 
Or I could answer a question you have **If post is up, I am still open to questions!** ✨

I’m an Claircogziant and Clairaudient Medium offering one free yes or no question per person **via chat.** Please send your name(s) and question in the chat! 

*Please follow up with a healthcare 
professional on all health related questions*

*Readings are based on current energies*

*I will not answer any questions related to death, or law related questions or give legal advice*

*I have the right to refuse to answer questions that do not follow these guidelines.* [deleted] Offering free channeled msgs for a select few... comment if interested!!! [removed] Sleep paralysis can be scary,  but it's nothing to worry about or to be taken as an omen. It's more of the beginning stages of astral projection.  I get it often and usually entities are around when you open your second body eyes. Ghosts are literally everywhere and it's way easier to see them in an OBE state.

Sometimes your mind will create things to scare you to stay in your body too. 

Don't worry 😉 there’s nothing wrong with what happened and it’s especially common when napping and overly tired. if it’s scary for your boyfriend to not be able to come out of it, know this- breathe heavy and then hold your breath, alternating between the two quickly. it will connect your brain back to your body and you wake up within a few seconds. anyway, hopefully he can get to the point where he enjoys it. many people practice sleep paralysis for astral projection :) He had a hypnagogic hallucination.  It's pretty common with sleep paralysis. People are mentioning beginning of astral projection of out of body experience. They may be right. Also, the seeing the future or past could also be true.

**But the main purpose of SP** (sleep paralysis) is to make us not able to move when we start to dream. Our body does this automatically every time we go into REM stage and start to dream, and it also automatically releases the SP paralysis the moment we stop dreaming or wake up.

Sometimes we can actually notice being in SP when our body fails to notice that we are already awake and it thinks we are still asleep.

People who are activelly trying to AP or OBE or Lucid dream via WILD method are most likely to become aware of this natural phenomena.

It can be scary, because we think we are awake but we can't move, so our minds make up stories to explain this. And that can be scary. At that time we can also have hallucinations which can look like we see our real room or real people around us. Or we see or hear things that are not really there.

*But no, by no means this is anything bad. No omens, no warnings, nothing dangerous is going to happen to you guys.*

You can astually try this out yourself if you feel like it. Lay down and don't move. Just like if yoy were trying to go to sleep. Pretty soon your mind will think your body is asleep because you didn't move in a long time and it will start shutting down the brain as well. But if you consiouslly try to keep your mind awake just by thinking some mantra (prayer) for example : "I want to see SP", you will start experiencing all kinds of strange sensations or visuals, which are normal and they happen every single time we are falling asleep. You will be able to notice them this time, because you are keeping your mind awake on purpose. He had the beginnings of an out-of-body experience. Not a big deal. Sorry that you feel upset about it. The other reality where people go has non-linear time, that's why he saw you. Sleep paralysis is a medical issue. He had a hypnogogic hallucination which is very common with sleep paralysis. This happens because your brain gets confused about whether it’s asleep or awake. It was likely caused by poor sleep due to the travel or possibly stress. When I get sleep paralysis I try to breathe and relax, which usually makes it pass a little more quickly as my body starts to relax. It's nothing scary. 

Try r/astralprojection If you don't wanna see any spirits I recommend not opening your third eye! I used to get like a high walking into a bar from feeling the fun and sexual energy. It could almost be a little addictive for me. But I could also tell well the energy went from intoxicating to sloppy. In that case I’d just leave and go someplace quieter. Or if the energy was off someplace just turn around and try someplace else. Or gravitate to someone whose vibe you are drawn to. first, ground your energy. learn grounding exercises and practice them throughout the day to continuously cleanse your energy. second, clear your aura and keep it clear/protected. it takes practice but you can feel other’s auras without absorbing their energy into your aura. Feeling energy comes from your clairsentience ability in your second chakra. Most folks use this as a form of protection; it helps them feel for threats.  Closing down your second chakra will dial down the intensity of your response to the energy. You'll feel more comfortable.

To close down your second chakra when walking into a club, you need to give your body something else to make it feel safe. That something else can be many things, but the one I share is a specific style of grounding.

Try this. Sit in a chair. Close your eyes. Take a deep breath. Feet flat on the floor. Hands separated and resting palms up on each thigh.

Create a grounding cord. This is a line of energy that connects your first chakra to the center of the planet. Your first chakra is a ball of energy about the size of a quarter that sits just in front of the base of your spine. Your grounding cord attaches to the bottom of that ball of energy.

Grounding makes your body feel safe, so you release energy more easily. Gravity pulls whatever you release, even your own energy, down to the center of the planet. No effort on your part. The center of the planet neutralizes the energy and returns it to whoever owns it. No karma for anyone. A virtuous cycle.

Nearly everyone goes to connect to the center of the planet the first time but stops at the soil, often making roots like a tree. This is a method that is taught in some martial arts styles, but it is not the best option for your spiritual development and healing.

So, notice the seat of your chair. Take a deep breath. Notice the distance between the seat and the floor. Now notice the distance between the floor and the soil below. Breathe.

Now notice the distance between the soil and the water table underneath. Notice the distance between the water table and the rocky mantle. Notice the distance between the mantle and the molten core below that. Deep breath.

Notice the distance between the molten core and the center of the planet. That ball of light at the very center of the planet is where you connect your grounding cord. Deep breath.

Say hello to the center of the planet. Do you get a hello back?

Notice the color and texture of your grounding cord. It may look like a line of energy, or look like something physical; a rope, a wire, a pipe, a tree trunk. Adjust it as needed to be in affinity with your body.

Getting this far means you've already released some energy from your aura and body. Now it is time to fill in the space that was created.

Create a gold sun over your head. Have it call back all of your energy from wherever you left it throughout your day and week. Work. School. Online meetings. Video games. Your fantasies about your future. Your regrets about your past. Wherever you've placed your attention. Just watch the energy come back and see if you notice where it came from.

Have the sun burn up and neutralize your energy. Then bring the sun into the top of your head. It will automatically flow into the spaces you created. Create a gauge to measure when you're full. Like a fuel gauge or oil gauge. You'll run better if you aren't a few quarts low on spiritual oil. If the gauge doesn't read "Full", bring in another gold sun.

Open your eyes, bend over and touch the floor, draining any tension from the back of your neck, then stand up, and stretch.

There is a progression with this technique. After grounding for ten minutes a day for a week or two, notice your grounding cord at the very end, while you're standing with your eyes open. Continue to ground with your eyes open and standing, and bring in another gold sun. Each day, increase the amount of time that you ground standing up with your eyes open.

After a week or two practicing this, add walking while grounded. Just notice your grounding cord as you walk. Say hello to the center of the planet while you walk. Bring in a gold sun while you walk.  If you lose your grounding cord, stop walking and recover it. If you have to, sit back down and close your eyes and create a new grounding cord.

After this, you're ready to take your grounding cord with you into your daily life. Shopping. Getting coffee. Wherever you go, you can ground. This, combined with a little amusement about seeing new things on an energy level, will keep you safe and sound.

Now that you're here, at the end of your grounding meditations, create a gold sun over your head. This time, fill it with your highest creative essence, your present time growth vibration, and your affinity for yourself. The first energy is a healing for you. The second is a healing for your body. The third is a healing for your affinity in your fourth chakra.

Bend over and touch the floor. Stand up and stretch. If you're ready for more, sit back down and ground some more. Otherwise, have a nice day!

Note that every image you imagine, the gold sun, the grounding cord, the center of the planet, your first chakra, your body parts, is exercising your clairvoyance. You may be imagining what your tailbone looks like, but you're also creating the image of your tailbone and reading its energy. This is practicing your clairvoyant ability. Maybe you need some new friends or only hang out with the ones with good vibes. Try this. Sit in a chair. Close your eyes. Take a deep breath. Feet flat on the floor. Hands separated and resting palms up on each thigh.

Create a grounding cord. This is a line of energy that connects your first chakra to the center of the planet. Your first chakra is a ball of energy about the size of a quarter that sits just in front of the base of your spine. Your grounding cord attaches to the bottom of that ball of energy.

Grounding makes your body feel safe, so you release energy more easily. Gravity pulls whatever you release, even your own energy, down to the center of the planet. No effort on your part. The center of the planet neutralizes the energy and returns it to whoever owns it. No karma for anyone. A virtuous cycle.

Nearly everyone goes to connect to the center of the planet the first time but stops at the soil, often making roots like a tree. This is a method that is taught in some martial arts styles, but it is not the best option for your spiritual development and healing.

So, notice the seat of your chair. Take a deep breath. Notice the distance between the seat and the floor. Now notice the distance between the floor and the soil below. Breathe.

Now notice the distance between the soil and the water table underneath. Notice the distance between the water table and the rocky mantle. Notice the distance between the mantle and the molten core below that. Deep breath.

Notice the distance between the molten core and the center of the planet. That ball of light at the very center of the planet is where you connect your grounding cord. Deep breath.

Say hello to the center of the planet. Do you get a hello back?

Notice the color and texture of your grounding cord. It may look like a line of energy, or look like something physical; a rope, a wire, a pipe, a tree trunk. Adjust it as needed to be in affinity with your body.

Getting this far means you've already released some energy from your aura and body. Now it is time to fill in the space that was created.

Create a gold sun over your head. Have it call back all of your energy from wherever you left it throughout your day and week. Work. School. Online meetings. Video games. Your fantasies about your future. Your regrets about your past. Wherever you've placed your attention. Just watch the energy come back and see if you notice where it came from.

Have the sun burn up and neutralize your energy. Then bring the sun into the top of your head. It will automatically flow into the spaces you created. Create a gauge to measure when you're full. Like a fuel gauge or oil gauge. You'll run better if you aren't a few quarts low on spiritual oil. If the gauge doesn't read "Full", bring in another gold sun.

Open your eyes, bend over and touch the floor, draining any tension from the back of your neck, then stand up, and stretch.

There is a progression with this technique. After grounding for ten minutes a day for a week or two, notice your grounding cord at the very end, while you're standing with your eyes open. Continue to ground with your eyes open and standing, and bring in another gold sun. Each day, increase the amount of time that you ground standing up with your eyes open.

After a week or two practicing this, add walking while grounded. Just notice your grounding cord as you walk. Say hello to the center of the planet while you walk. Bring in a gold sun while you walk.  If you lose your grounding cord, stop walking and recover it. If you have to, sit back down and close your eyes and create a new grounding cord.

After this, you're ready to take your grounding cord with you into your daily life. Shopping. Getting coffee. Wherever you go, you can ground. This, combined with a little amusement about seeing new things on an energy level, will keep you safe and sound.

Now that you're here, at the end of your grounding meditations, create a gold sun over your head. This time, fill it with your highest creative essence, your present time growth vibration, and your affinity for yourself. The first energy is a healing for you. The second is a healing for your body. The third is a healing for your affinity in your fourth chakra.

Bend over and touch the floor. Stand up and stretch. If you're ready for more, sit back down and ground some more. Otherwise, have a nice day!

Note that every image you imagine, the gold sun, the grounding cord, the center of the planet, your first chakra, your body parts, is exercising your clairvoyance. You may be imagining what your tailbone looks like, but you're also creating the image of your tailbone and reading its energy. This is practicing your clairvoyant ability. It could be a multitude of different things but in my opinion from the description of the feeling you had it seems your consciousness had traveled somewhere. The dangerous feeling you had may have been just that but it also could’ve been your ego trying to keep you stabilized in this plane and bring you back. That’s just my two cents the first part when you said you visualize the outside and the living room you could be seeing the present what’s happening right know you might have the ability to someone’s else’s past life Only time will tell if your psychic is accurate.

My advice is to live your life without giving too much weight to predictions like this. The time of marriage and number of children is up to the querent and can be changed bc the universe gives us free will. Hmm, I don't know. I honestly wouldn't put much stock in it. Maybe it will happen, maybe it won't, just don't hold any expectations of it happening so you don't end up disappointed when it doesn't. Very interesting. I definitely think our energy affects our abilities and strength. I can't do anything fancy with fire but I can control the candle flames..making them still, flicker or bend to the direction of my hand. I can make my matches burn out almost immediately after I use them.. they usually burn a third of the stick then go out suddenly or very slowly diminish. When I'm tired I can't do it I'm too weak.  I definitely think your anger could of fueled something. Never seen it done but I've witnessed people who's toxic energy created poltergeist activity and I guess that's kind of the same concept with energy manipulation. Yes it does. Manipulating elements fall under the realm of more advanced psychic ability. Very interesting experience you shared. Maybe you have a latent ability for pyrokinesis and through proper work you could probably learn to channel it. There was a chi master who could  create fire at will...there was a YouTube video also. If you're still finding the real you I guess you have a long way to go first is knowing what you're and can do and it left for us to want to leave a different life all together call it disguise or whatever I got mine so haha 😆 I have never witnessed this myself, but I don’t disbelieve it. Each of the element has _siddhi_, which includes manipulation of Fire. Further, there is a developmental path for it — I have heard some neigong schools develop enough personal energy to pull something like this off, without relying on emotional outbursts. I could do telekinesis, its definitely possible to manipulate anything. You just have to meditate and practice it. You felt remorse and in other ways I can empathize with how you felt, so kudos. I’ve always wanted to trigger/try combustion/pyrokenisis, but it hasn’t happened to me…yet…probably for the best. Have tried connecting with fire, but haven’t been as successful as you. I may have accidentally burned my apartment down. I was in a really bad mental space for a while. I was living in a studio apt, dealing with the emotional fallout of a bad breakup, and my friends had moved away so I was spending way too much time alone. Anyway, I went home to my parents house for my birthday weekend. After getting on the train, I suddenly started worrying I had left my space heater on, which would be a fire hazard. When I got home, I told my parents how miserable I felt in my apartment. I remember a moment being in my room and thinking I’d just find a way out of the lease and move back to my parents. I ended up getting a text from the landlord later that day that there was a fire that started in the buildings heater (not my space heater) and my apartment was ruined, lease ended. 

Not as dramatic as something bursting into flame in front of your eyes but still curious. Well what you think is a barrier your abilities might just turn out to be the reason why you get almost best at it, you're experiencing this cause you're yet to fully comprehend what you capable of. With proper guidance and spiritual actions, I'm confident you're getting past this Have you been seeing lights or being very sensitive lately it's a sign to open your third eyes if you're more of a spiritual being than you thought you were I take medication for my OCD, it helps, but there are breakthrough moments sometimes unfortunately. Usually I can tell it's my OCD when the thought is really negative. So how does that knowledge help you in this life? 

Does it inspire you? is it highlighting some fear you have about embracing your own skills? something else? 

Past lives highlight where we are working on "karma" from that life or parallel to it (in that life we were working on the same issues) ... find that and you'll have your clarity. Come to peace with your past and let light and love follow you Reincarnation is a definite possibility, but it's advisable to learn why you're a Reincarnation nothing happens without reason. Nature's first law Hey! Long time practitioner here with an ecclectic background mostly in Alchemy. 

These traditions of other people gifting things are specific to different types of practice and cultures. There is nothing wrong with buying yourself any of the spiritual items you need or want in order to grow, and the way you acquire your items can be specific to your beliefs. 

Furthermore, what you think and believe will become the truth. If you feel like it's bringing you negativity, then it will. If you truly believe it is protective, then it is. Your belief and your intention with the item is far more powerful than any natural power that item has in and of itself. 

IF you are so bothered by this situation, you can amend it pretty easily by gifting these items to someone else and partnering up with a mentor or other practitioner who can gift you what you seek. No matter what, your beliefs about these things are what will become reality. 

Spirituality is what you make it, and your practice is uniquely your own. You can make your own rules in accordance with your reality. 

These are just my opinions, and others may have better insight that's more aligned with your practice. I hope this helped you a little, and you find the answers you're looking for! I can’t speak to the evil eye items (I’ve never heard you shouldn’t buy your own btw) but certainly I think the idea of not being able to buy your own tarot cards is outdated superstition at best, and gate keeping at worst. 

You want to learn tarot to educate and empower yourself… but you have to wait for someone else to buy you a deck? Nah, you want it, you buy it! Empower yourself! There are so many styles and types of decks, only you know what calls and suits you so why put that power in someone else’s hands if the aim to empower yourself? You want it, you go get it! 

I’ve bought myself both tarot decks and evil eye bracelets, no issues whatsoever. Try and take away all the bad energies and replace the with only good ones let love and light lead you I can help you so you get stuffs that can help you chase away this evil eyes you don't need much dm It's not bad luck , we Arabs and Turks believe that they're Haram(prohibited in Islam)  bc they're considered amulets in our religion but if you're not Muslim you can wear them , we believe turquoise stone and Nazar amulets  ward off the evil eye due to their blue colour :) I have this happen.  I can generally judge when someone is going to die that I don't know, and I've had..idk, sort of premonitions.   I think alot of times, when it is someone you know, it's kind of a way to say goodbye.  My nephew had very clear dreams of his mother b4 she was found.  Last great aunt that died ( I thought she was gone..98!)...I had a dream of a family reunion, where I was asking my dead granny...what are you doing here?  You are dead!  She told me family is coming, she's making potato salad.  Lol...what do you say to that!?
Anyway, I just leave those thoughts to myself.  Most the time, ppl are better not knowing. IMHO. I've known my friends and family are terminal, and if there's treatment possibility. It's more common than people talk about. Think of this... They use animals to detect illness, right? Aren't we all evolved animals? We often let self doubt and life bury our gifts Yes! That’s the basis of mediumship Absolutely! And they have somehow bonded to you for reasons only they know… could be a long passed relative that youd never met, could be you remind them of someone from their lifetime… I feel like sometimes spirits gravitate towards certain living people not because of their gifts but because it gives them purpose. An example would be a motherly-type spirit that seems to calm or console your infant when they cry…. Or a protective type spirit that makes a noise when you aren’t paying attention to something that could harm you. Very possible and very common :) 
You are not crazy!
I’ve had many visits of the sort from all types of passed on people. How do they look like? It's real even some of us know this hard fact as real humans but we try to run away from the truth especially if it's not happening to you then it's not an issue Of course they can, I asked if I was on the right track and I’ve heard two knocks(to keep it vague). Don’t forget, communication doesn’t just have to be words its very interesting, I think fever puts us into meditative state of mind. I also start seeing behind the vail when im feverish. when I was 4, I had a massive fever, had a crazy sleeping night. when i woke up i ran to my grandma (I dont remember this) I jumped at her and hysterically started telling her i remember i am not from this family, i remember my real family in Chaldea, told her my name words, sentences, our culture and living situation, historical facts etc, she was clueless what Chaldea was and phoned my grandpa who was at work. he told her to write down every single thing im saying, because chaldea was an ancient civilization and the facts im spewing are on point. 

its fun to hear someone talk about fevers, I always felt they were very "psychedelic". I’ve seen the dead and spirits my whole life, but it really got cranked up when I had a 104 fever at the age of 5. From that point on, it seemed to accelerate abilities I already had. I’ve hear medium John Edward say he always has heightened abilities when he’s under the weather and I still do too, especially when it’s something that puts pressure on my head like a sinus infection or fever with headache. I remember hearing him say that and feeling better about it. I too am able to read peoples minds by feeling their emotions strongly within me. With some people their thoughts enter into my own head as if they are mine. It can be confusing, overwhelming and at times draining. I’ve learned to steer clear of certain people. Interesting. I actually had this last night I think— not for the first time, and it was very mild. But I think I ate something that made me a little sick, and I was running what felt like a low fever and as I was in bed I felt WAY more tuned in than usual… so funny to see this post the next morning! Hallucinations of any kind are an indication that the veil is lifted. If you can understand what you see/hear and it's not just internally driven nonsense like a fever dream or random drug trip, then you're experiencing true ESP. Hi, I’ve experienced similar when I’ve been VERY angry at people and have been able to tap into their minds. On two occasions I “puppeteered” a (minor) accident to happen to certain individuals and it really happened according to my hands’ movements if that makes sense. I feel bad about these things after, so I choose to not keep trying to develop this gift. I am suppressing it and not feeding into my negative emotions and energies. Watch giving in to negative energy. You may think they deserve whatever comes but let's not forget the transgressions you have done to others. Giving into negativity is akin to playing with fire while intoxicated. It will come to engulf you before you know it. Control your thoughts/emotions, by sending out negative energy, or evil/hate filled thoughts you can indeed harm people. 

If you feel like your going to have something bad happen to someone when you consciously dont want to, remove your self and mind from the situation, think of forgiveness, mercy, love.

I "suffer" from the same ability, but mine is controlled, i have to make a conscious effort to get it done or not, depending on how badly the person fucked me over. It sounds like your displeasure may be manifesting. Emotions= energy in motion, as a teal swan video said.

I would look at finding a way to rephrase your feelings so you could still work with them without such overt chaos. When it comes down to it, though, you're going to have to stop being petty, even in the recesses of your own mind. Suppress the petty or dangerous feeling if you can, or let it go completely without holding onto it outside of you at all. It's a frustrating idea, I know, but you are not alone in this among those who pay attention even when reality scares them or does not make full sense. 

Of course, you shouldn't hope to do this for all emotions, even bad and painful ones at all times--for our emotions are our biggest internal compasses--but if something disproportional or dangerous for the moment comes up in impulse, you're going to have to get rid of it as it is in that form. Another way to work through such feelings is to acknowledge that you have the magic to transmute those emotions into productive emotions and manifestations. 

You are a soul having a human experience, and an expression of the divine expressing and coming to know itself through the aspect of it that is you. That is not to say that any is necessarily less important than the rest, but you can reach upwards or downwards for clarity at times like this. Much of what you are truly asking can only truly be concluded and brought closure by you, and by somebody in your shoes who knows you as you do. All evil is ultimately just an indestructible light seeping out through twisted and corruptive confusions--a potential for a new tool or truth's attainment--wether or not any may be able to unknot the messiness at this time. All of us must delve in to some degree, but lose yourself in it and you will functionally become evil through that corruptive confusion and its pain. All power is weakness well-harmonized. I hope that brings you some solace. No action is inherently good or bad, but is in perspective of the details of its context.

Honestly seek the truth of yourself and the truth around you, and remedy those feelings for what they should be; for what you should best have them be, at any time. Do not turn your eyes away when it is your responsibility to do all you can. And as per a quote from Ascendance of a Bookworm from a terrifyingly cutthroat but extremely wise noble that says this well; 

>*Had you failed to do something that was within your capabilities, then that would absolutely be worth reflecting on. But there’s no use bemoaning something that you knew you couldn’t do from the very beginning, since no amount of thinking will change that fact.*

To my understanding, you have just strengthened a direct connection source enough for this to happen. I'm sure it must be scary for it to come with no instructions and insufficient gateways to make sure you had the right foundations to responsibly control all of this... but I believe, at least, our wishes and strong emotions about that will one day power enough of a force to bend the current soft-laws of existence enough to save future generations that struggle.

Till then, may the weird ones find sanity and light in one another. 


*This is my best understanding, of course. Another thing I have heard of is that we all slightly live in our own slightly different universes, which collide and can even contradict, hence anything could be invalidated for you and still be true for me. Of course, there's also the much simpler doubt that I could be wrong or just fail to see this mutual situation accurately. ...I think I'm gonna need you to run for congress... If you wish to control this, but aren't up to putting in the work to become a better person who doesn't seek to harm others out of lower emotions like anger, jealousy or insecurity, then you should contain yourself. Literally. Just as we can call 8n a protective shield around ourselves, we can shield others from our weaker, lower tendencies. I accidentally manifested a negative outcome - some teens sat near to my wife and I when they had the whole park to sit at. I sent a strong 'Go Away' - and two minutes later one of the kids yelled with huge malice at another one and much upset.

I felt really bad - all I meant was for them to move a little way away.

Was not aware that this was possible (I am new).

I am being really careful not to get mad at anyone and have decided that unconditional love is my default projection. Ouuu interesting I once knew a girl (long story short) her stepdad was abusive and one day he locked her in her room and she was crying and she heard someone say “he’s gonna pay for this” she looks up and sees some guy (a ghost) and he says “he’s gonna pay for hurting you” next thing Yk he gets in a car crash and almost dies and loses his house and his gf (her mom) left.

For your situation I’d say your mood affects the things around you AMAZING look into “the double slit experiment” it’s something that deals with quantum physics/ meta physics but good luck with your findings lol My ex husband fell off his roof! People are products of their environments. If there is something bad, there is a reason. Don't hate, help. Give it to me, I would gladly have it. It's not that hard to do it. Maybe find some sort of outlet to get all of the negativity out so that when you do get angry, it won't have much "power" to it and won't hurt the person or situation surrounding it. Sounds like maybe your a PK agent of some kind? Which you project negative energy, even if it's subconscious. That will build and can create a poltergeist (made up of a person's negative energy) and after feeding it so much then it can break away from you and become it's own entity and that could become dangerous because once it separates from you completely then you can't control what it does any longer. If it hasn't gone that far then having healthy outlets will make it die down and become powerless since you'll be able to control it..

Different practices like yoga, Tai chi, different therapies like psychotherapy can help weaken it if you wish to give it a try.. [deleted] No one has the ability to control other people in that way. Your into this subject matter, we see what we want to see. 

The people you feel you influenced in your life, are fuck ups. I’m that case my dear, let me tell you about this fellow named Mr. Putin and some of the terrible things he’s doing In Ukraine. I think you should ask yourself how much do you believe the world and the people in it (as well as what happens to them as they are continuously experiencing the effects of their own actions and the effects of infinite number of other influential factors in life every moment of every day) revolve around you.

You are not considering the millions of other measurable and unnoticeable factors that dictate how well someone is doing in life (or not doing in life).

And it would be foolish to believe that all of these things are controlled by you simply being mad at someone.

This is narcissism. It's a third eye projection, I've had them too. When your upper psychic centers are more advanced than your lower ones, you can project out of the brow or crown center when having an out of body experience My soul sat up and stood up out of my body once, but it didn't look like that. It was very organized and seemed to have a well defined form. I did experience it first, as coming out of my face, but that's just because that's where eyes are located. It was body shaped, made of white light grid layers and once it was out of my face and sat up, I realized it came out of my entire body in the same manner which I saw it exit my face. 


I am forever looking for others who have seen their soul and was super glad to see your post! I had a spontaneous Astral projection while I was awake once.  One second I was lying down but allert and awake.  The next I was standing over my body directly over my head. I didn't go anywhere, just stood there looking at myself through my hands thinking, this is cool.

My friends mother came and stood in the door and started talking to me.  I could see her lips moving but not hear her.

I thought she is going to think I am rude if I don't respond, and the next minute I was sucked back in through my forhead between the eyes ( so face) 🙃 

So to answer your question, yes I have. I wonder if that is where everyone leaves and enters? Yes, it happens from time to time. 

Astral projection sounds like what you are doing. Keep going, you’ll discover many new things. I believe claircognizance Or they end up showing up No to be rude, but does it matter? Giving too much significance to words will actually weaken that power. Just feel what it is and build on it. Much love It's not a effing gift. It is a natural occurrence and happens often to alot of people. You are just weighing it heavier than others. Intent I think.  If your emotional, it might be your spirit/soul trying to fix the situation.  If your not thinking about something and something pops in your head, it’s probably intuition. That’s why a lot of people can’t read for themselves, you have an emotional attachment to the outcome. Especially with reading cards because there are so many different meanings a particular card can hold based on positioning & adjoining cards, it’s easy to see the meaning we’d like to see rather than stay detached and see other meanings. Especially when it’s something you really want. 

Sometimes it gets easier with age and experience to differentiate the difference between instinct & want, sometimes it doesn’t get easier so it’s up to you to take control. The future is malleable anyway, any prediction is a probable not a certainty anyway, so take charge of the situation. Do whatever you can do in the here & now to achieve that future you want. Let’s say this thing you want is to go to live in a particular town, you have a gut instinct you will but you want it so badly, you aren’t sure whether it’s really gut instinct you feel or just an overwhelming want. So forget the psychic for a moment and get into the physical instead. Do you have a place to live lined up? Start signing up to letting agents & view their properties. Do you have a job there or a college place there? Start applying for jobs/college places there. Are your finances in check? Have you considered how to physically move? Have you got removal quotes? Are you preparing mentally to move? What about the social life? Look up any local social media sites dedicated to the place. Check out the sites for the local takeaways, library, public transport! Anything that you can practically do to make this want a reality, do it & pay attention to your intuition whilst you do. Do you feel in line, is this flowing effortlessly to reach that goal? Or are you hitting stumbling blocks or even brick walls? Google "derivation of intuition". It doesn't mean what it's commonly used to mean.

Intuition does not mean desire. Wishful thinking does not mean desire. When you want something, you go after it. That is your will being imposed on your reality. And you will fail to get many things you desire. It takes practice to discipline and refine your will. 

And it's not a matter of strength alone. Or magic. Or intent. All the details matter, the most important detail being you must be yourself. If you are being false, meaning not true to yourself, how will the things you want ever find you? All the time, so much so when I tell my family they immediately take it serious and look for the dream playing out. Dreams others were pregnant, us moving, people going through things, world events, even celebrities in odd ways before finding out they were very ill and anything weird and random in between. Not an exact science, just randomly. Woke up from really weird and detailed dream and it played out that very day. Just weird lol In middle school once I dreamt that my boyfriend was going to break up with me and he did the very next day. Other than that I’ve dreamt very mundane things that eventually ended up happening, just snippets of unimportant conversations kind of thing.  I remember seeing my sis getting married in one of my dream. I was looking outside of my house to see a beach setting and my sis and bro in law getting married but for some reason I was unable to go outside and join in. 2 years later they married in Cozumel Mexico beach theme and sadly I was unable to make it from all my siblings. I also remember seeing my mom in a dream standing in the shower bleeding from her leg same thing years later she was at work when a blood clot busted she went into the ER. Used to write my dreams down habitually got a few dream journals. Need to go back to that fs. In all my dreams I’m in the afterlife, but on purpose. I was with my ex girlfriend and her female family members in a lucid dream. But a month later, after not hearing from her in 10 years, she messaged me the day I failed a suicide attempt! So I think I’m often with her as I sleep and in the afterlife! Once I dreamt of finding two quarters on the ground and the next day I did. Yes, I’ve had several of these dreams. Sometimes about big events, sometimes about small ones. Sometimes about people I’m not close to. I dreamed about when one of my uncles would die when I was a kid. Also about a life event for one of my aunts. Dreamed about a grade I got (got the exact one). Dreamed about some girl and a guy breaking up in a class I had.. wasn’t close to them at all. Had no clue about their private life. All the time, but it's usually really mundane, annoying 'glitch in the matrix' deja vu kind of stuff.

Just once I wish it was lottery numbers. All the time. I predicted my siblings & their names, wars, the fall of the Berlin Wall, Covid, my disillusionment with Christianity and the absolute insanity of Covid. 20 yrs ago I woke from a horrendous nightmare that was causing a panic attack right then. This happens multiple times every single year but I could never get past the horror of the millions of people dying to understand what it was or meant. I just knew it was a worldwide issue and health related. I was petrified for the future which sent me to a dark place. I couldn’t talk to anyone about it more than tangentially bc it made no sense in certain respects. All those horrible premonitions came true. No judgment on any religion here. When I was around 13 I dreamed once that I got up from bed and walked downstairs where a white paperback copy of the Book of Mormon was sitting on the counter. In the dream I asked my dad where it came from and he said some LDS guys had just dropped it off. I woke up that morning and went downstairs and there was a black paperback copy of the Book of Mormon. I asked my dad where it came from and he said some LDS guys just dropped it off. As far as I know there’s not really been any meaning to it other than to give me an interesting experience. My brother had been flirting with a girl for 2 years, stuck in a friendzone. One night I dreamed the two of them kissing, that day they kissed and started dating! I dreamed of a place I ended up working at YEARS later, it was just a moment of me putting beer bottles into a shelf. Then I had déjà vu of that same moment in real life at that job, a few minutes later two men came in and we had an armed robbery 🤷‍♀️ it was like a little warning Yeah. Shooting at a college in my state, friends’ pets dying, my dog dying, future work stress five years before I worked there, infertility/babies dying years in advance, a scene from current office window years before I worked there, old job shifting to a bad organizational culture, getting cheated on, getting dumped, my dad having a heart attack one year ahead but same date, this random flower on a table, which I saw the next day at a restaurant and then the interaction resulting in losing my best friend that same night (was 11 years ago or so (still miss them)), and a bunch of signs that led me to adopting my dog (a certain road I’d never seen before, rainbow, bear statue). My grandparents have shown up and warned me of things ahead and given advice. I think in one my grandma was warning me about Covid, but it was a confusing one. I wish I’d dream of something good happening. I dreamed of a positive pregnancy test right in my face.. the next day I went to get one and I was pregnant My craziest story is back in 2009 I was living outside of DC. On the morning of June 22 I woke up at about 5am from a dream about a train crash. Later that day at 5 pm a DC metro train crashed. 

That is definitely my most profound and prophetic dream on an event. I have definitely had more mundane dreams of kind of basic interactions come true.  

I’ve had some covid related dreams in 2020-2021 that have turned out true. I dreamt the Russians starting a war but I thought at the time they’d be attacking the US I dreamt of a drone flying at the start of the war in Afghanistan. Later I saw that same drone in news footage about the war. I had never seen it before that dream. trigger warning: pregnancy loss 

i had a dream id had a miscarriage. it was really vivid and i woke up looking for blood, but baby was still alive at that time. exactly 30 days later i found out i’d had a missed miscarriage 2 weeks earlier. I also have a lot of experiences  first time I noticed it was when i was 14 years old I had a dream where  me and my brother going to a house painted white.  A family friend of ours were there and they had 2 computers and they gave us one computer. A long time after this dream my parents build a new house and it was painted white , when we moved their , this family friend was our neighbor and they gifted us a computer. I was very shocked to realise that I actually visioned the same thing a long before it happened, after that I had many more dreams where I saw the future  sometimes I am now able to identify which of the dream is going to happen in real and which are not. I had a dream I was in an unfamiliar city at night, walking around trying to find my way. 3 weeks later the exact scenario played out. Exact streets, intersections, even the people i saw. It was 3 am or so and I was alone. I ended up finding myself in Alimony California. My dead father was the one who's ran me through the dream before it happened I’ve had 3 big ones and some not as important. 
1. I dreamt my grandfather passed away and found out the next day he died at 4am, so while I was having that dream probably. 
2. My bf is in the military and I once dreamt he was screaming “Rayco! Watch out, Rayco…” stuff like that, and when we got in contact he told me how he and his partner Rayco (whose name I had never heard before that I remembered) got shot over their heads, they could hear the bullets hitting the rocks around them, but they were fine, no one got shot. 
3. When I was a teenager I dreamt I was getting married but the man I was marrying I had only seen once or twice in my life, it wasn’t my current bf (who I expected to be marrying in my dream) but he turned out to be my long term boyfriend, we moved out together and how things are going it looks like it might come true. I worked in a phone store and sold a sim card to a guy who killed someone. It took the cops 6 months or so to figure out it was him. 

During that time they interviewed me and asked if i could remember anything about the guy who bought it. The number on the sim was the last number to text her before she was found. 

I wasnt able to remember anything but i gave a statement and that was that. A couple weeks later i was thinking about the case and I was in a half awake/half asleep dream state. I asked kinda subconciously will they catch the guy who killed her. I remember seeing an image of a guy standing in court with a blue jumpsuit on. I remembered it vividly because it was a weird outfit for someone in that situation. 

A few weeks later I see in the paper that they have solved the case and the dude is standing there in his blue jumpsuit. Yeah. I have a quite sad/bad dating history and it was depressing for me at one point that I couldn’t find anyone that would be good for me. It got to a point where I was extremely angry for months at the universe because of this. 
Then one day I had a dream, that I would meet a tall, handsome, dark haired man, with great gentleman manners that I will be in a relationship with. I looked surprised he was so kind to me and I was very happy. A month later I started dating exactly that guy, and I still am. I’m so happy. Constantly All the time. Whatever it is always happens the very next day. Last night I dreamt of making candles. Today was the hottest day of the year and  I had to fix one of my candles because it melted I dreamed of two places I later worked at. These were only a few seconds I remembered and it was akin to deja vu, but I know I dreamed it. And I have seen houses and buildings from dreams here. The dreams tend to be unpleasant and I get a gross feeling when I see somewhere from dreams.  Edit for a word I’ve had many small dreams of things that happened later on. Most of the time it’s me being somewhere at a specific place and something happening. Or it would be parts of a conversation. One time I dreamed of a kickball game I took part in. There were a few familiar faces on my team and some on the other. It also turned out we lost. A week or so later, we play kickball, with some people I know, and lose. This has happened to me more times than I can count. I dreamt that I was telling people I will get vaccine on 12/1! And everyone corrected me “no no no. Your vaccine date is 1/12!” Even the airline tweeted at me telling me my date is 1/12.  Few months later in real life, I got Covid on 1/12 in another country. I dreamt that I was at the wedding of my Swedish friend. I hadn’t seen her in 5 years and hadn’t spoken to her since about 4 irl. In the dream, she was getting married but we couldn’t find the groom. The wedding never happened. 

When I woke up, I decided to text her and visit since it had been so long. I told her my dream and she informed me she broke up with her bf that day I had the dream I had a dream about a tree branch falling and crushing my car, the following day I pulled into my driveway and thought about the dream and pulled into a different spot (more for shits and giggles than anything else) , when I came back out to my car a 9 foot branch was laying in my usual parking spot. My car was completely fine but I came out and just kinda stood there like 😧 I was had a dream my step mom & little sister came to visit (from California) and when i woke up they were actually there😂 I had a dream that my brother shot people from out of his car. I brushed it off. I knew he was hanging with not great ppl but I didn’t think anything of it. 2 weeks later I got a call that my brother shot 2 people (he says it’s self defense which I believe) I have dreamt situations in first person, and thinking by myself, as time pases, i get in a situation where im thinking and doing the same as my dream

Dreams can be months apart or in situations where im not used to be, but somehow i get in the situation and become reallity

I was cooking today (ham&egg) i dont usually cook that, like, it is the first time in about 2 months. In my dream, i was thinking to myself about how much I'm struggling with my job and studies, and that i cannot put 100% focus in none of them, this while cooking ham and eggs. 

There was a point in the reallity where I started to talk internally and complain about time and how i could not focus 100% in none of them, this started with an internal rant cuased by a teacher who made me redo my project.

I have had another situation where i was with a Friend's sister and someone asked about vgetarian food, we were with a Group and in some sort of circle.

 I dont used to go out with her, this was actually the first and only time i did, so, we went out with her friends and then, boom at the end of the night we seated in the back of a pickup truck, gathered in a circle, and a friend of hers start talking about vegetarian food All of my dreams become reality. I will list a few of them

•Moving into my own place (a week after a fight with my narc mom - I moved out and have been on my own ever since) it’s been almost 10years 

•Graduating with Honours 

•Having my place decorated the exact way that I envisioned it 

•Getting my full driver’s licence 

•Traveling solo 

•Meeting people that match my vibration 

•Self publishing my own material 

•Financial stability 

I’ll leave it there. Hope this was helpful. Yeppp…. Dreamt about the university/college I would go to at 21. Was dreaming about it constantly since I was 14. Dreamt about friends and professors I would make at Judson and meet. Dreamt about one of my exes asking me out and dreamt about my boyfriend now. Dreamt about random things about celebrities too like music and babies and weird random things. Dreamt about boring mundane things that come true later on. Dreamt about my uncle passing away. Had my grandma visit me a few times in dreams and give me messages as well. Been happening since I was kid and it for some reason gotten stronger as I got older instead of disappearing like most people experiences. But the thing is I don’t do anything to do practice it to make it stronger just happens. Also I dream about random information about people I shouldn’t know. It’s very weird because I’m only person in my family who has psychic abilities. I’m kind of an odd ball and don’t fit in at all. Last night I dreamt i was with my mom and my ex who cheated on me last lockdown she turned against me fully for him. I moved out she moved him in but dreamt she had a black eye from him last night and it was one of those powerful dreams you wake up with all the emotions running wild stay with you for weeks after. I hope not but also think poetic justice if true. I dreamed she was cheating on me too. 

First dream I was searching for her in my dream I found her but then we parted ways immediately she went off with small group. I went the other way with my small group. To then more dreams like it and guy involved. Weeks later learned there was a new guy and she was totally lost to me. 

If she even needed me though ide help her ide beat him bad show him how much he's ruined me. I'm just waiting to get to family court to get my kids access he controls everything as far as I can tell. She wanted to co parent be freinds just so sorry this happened but is happening. She chooses him after 14yrs. Pulled me inside out. Its been a year now she's already had his baby its just all insane. 


But my mum did this to my step dad too. One night a week before I found out trying to talk to her feeling distant I fold her all about my mums story even though my ex knew that story I reminded her no idea why how she went off and married a psycho who beat her so much she ran 100s of miles to escape him after 17yrs with my step dad and shed beat him he'd take it. Same as me if my ex couldn't win an argument and sure we had many but ide laugh her off once she starts gorilla pounding on me.


But you cant go talking about dreams can you lol. I just hope she knows if she did need me shed only have to ask. She might be a monster to me now but still my girls mom. I dreamt about the Bali bombings a few days before it happened..I was 16? I was in the immediate aftermath of the bombing outside and people were running and freaking out in chaos and there was huge fire lighting up the sky and palm trees. I knew it was something terrible. 

I was so disturbed by the dream I told my mum and sister about it and said I was worried something bad was going to happen. They assured me it was just a dream and maybe tied to anxiety from 9/11

My sister came into my bedroom a few days later and asked me did I remember the dream I had had and I said yes of course why? And she told me a nightclub in Kuta, Bali had been bombed as part of a targeted terrorist attack. I dreamt of COVID 

MH370

Hilary Clinton getting shafted

A few mass shootings, felt like I'd astral travelled to take the place of the victims so their souls were saved so-to-speak, felt the horror, heard the footsteps, the sensation of knowing you're in your final moments. Most make peace with it, or maybe that was me. All the time.  The dreams seem to have a slight ringing to them and a glow which always makes them stand out more.  Anyways, when I was a kid my mom had a new-ish boyfriend and I dreamt that his name wasn’t actually what everyone had been calling him by.  I tried to tell her the next day that “Steven” was using a false name and hiding something.  She didn’t believe me and we ended up in a pretty severe argument whereby she laughed at me because she thought it was a silly dream and I needed to grow up. Fast forward about 6 months and “Steven” was arrested by the US Marshall’s at his place of work.  He’d been on the run from another state for weapons charges and using his brothers identity.  I’ve had predictive dreams my whole life and after that incident my mother always paid close attention to them. Lol. When I finished my official high school exams, I was anxious about the mark and place I would get. I kept having anxious dreams about it all the time. One week before the exam results were out, I dreamt about them, and I saw the name of the student who got the highest mark in the entire district; I saw his full name clearly and the mark he got. In the dream I was sad it wasn't me because I got an average mark compared to his. I was still journaling my dreams back then, so I wrote down the dream I had including his name and his mark when I woke up. One week later, results come out, I pass, average grade, all is good. But another week goes by and it hits me that I still don't know who got the highest mark. I look it up, and sure enough, his name was there along with the mark. I was confused for a second because I was sure I have heard that name before, only how and where? and it instantly hits me, I open the journal and it's the exact same name.. was a strange experience. I've seen my children before they were born.

found things that were misplaced

Witnessed a man getting a DUI even when he wasn't driving.

lots of other unverifiable incidents i had a dream when i was around 6 years old that there was a “bad lady” who was trying to hurt people and i drew a picture of what she looked like and what she was wearing, showed it to my mom and she thought it was strange but we both just forgot about it until like eight months later. i grew up going to church, now i’m a satanist lol, and my mom witnessed the exact woman from my dream wearing the exact outfit i drew on her “attempting to put a curse” on the pastor during the sermon. (i put it in quotation marks because i wasn’t there and that might’ve been an exaggeration) regardless my mom was absolutely shocked that i had dreamt of the same woman months ago. Last week I dreamt my partner was fired from his job-which he started a month and a half ago- he called me the same day to let me know he was fired.

Dreamt he found another better job, 2 days later he finds a job 4 minutes walking from home in front of the beach cooking paella- what he actually loves- and is making a better wage, first day was yesterday
——-

Asides from that I always dream when a relative is dying. Thanks to this my mom could rush to my grandpa’s side before he died If this ever happened life would be bizarre Kinda random, but once I lost my favorite hairbrush, looked everywhere I thought it could be and couldn’t find it. Bought a similar one but it just wasn’t the same. Months later I had a dream where I looked under my dresser and found my hairbrush, woke up, looked under my dresser, and there it was. When I was younger, I had a few premonitions via dreams. I had a dream that my great-grandfather (who I wasn't even close with) was sitting in a completely white room (think of what they show heaven to look like in TV and sitcoms), and when I woke up I found out that he had passed away.

Likewise I had a dream about my childhood cat dying, woke up to find he had also passed away that morning. I also had a dream before my grandfather (different one) died, that he was telling me what day he would pass on. That came to be true. My moms death. I walked into the hospital early in the morning, straight to her room, 5th floor, last bed on the corridor. She was lying surrounded by people wearing all black and were really tall. Then I woke up in tears. 
One year later. Everything happened exactly like my dream. Except for the the people wearing black. Maybe they were there but I couldn’t see them. The genders of both my son and daughter It sounds like your asking these psychics about the future. This indicates that you probably think the future is predetermined in some way or form. This is a misunderstanding.

All the psychics are seeing exactly what they see and interpreting it as best they know how. They aren't lying; they are telling you what they see.

Your expectation that the future is predictable instead of probable is what's causing your confusion.

Next time, ask them about a relationship that you have with someone in present time, like a parent or sibling. "Tell me about my relationship with X."  Often times, this is much more useful to you because the psychics are seeing the energy of your reality, not the energy of all possible futures and telling you about the strongest future energy at that moment. 

And it's also more fun! You don't have to wait to find out if the reading is useful or not. This is generally the result you get when you see many psychics for the same question. The future is always changing and energies can be difficult to interpret..and honestly many psychics misunderstand their capabilities. Did it occur to you that many of them aren't legit? What's so confusing? You don't just believe every stranger who tells you they are psychic. I have spoken to other people during travels, who spoke other languages than I do. At first, I tried to communicate in the small bits of their language which I do know. I quickly realized this was unnecessary as things just automatically translated for each of us. Surprised me. I knew someone who spoke three languages: Spanish as a mother language, and she learnt English during school and learnt Chinese while she lived in China for two years. I once asked her in what languages did she dream and she says it would be random at times but mostly it was, as of the time, in Chinese and I asked her If it was easy or if she had trouble understanding it while asleep as she was not 100%fluent, she could get by in China but not completely fluent, and she told me that her dreams had subtitles! Like it would be in Chinese and there'd be subtitles in English or Spanish! But her English or Spanish dreams never had subtitles in them. I've often heard languages I don't understand in the hypnogogic state. Because I took Spanish in high school I often have random dreams trying to speak it but none of it really makes sense. 😁 a couple of months ago i had a dream where i me and my friend were speaking in korean. when i was dreaming i didn’t realize it but when i woke up i was like -i didn’t know what we were talking about but i know we were speaking in korean- but the thing is korean is not my mother language I don’t remember which was first, I think a cat. But I remember being a cat, and then suddenly being a bird and flying. Next thing I remember I’m me, about a year or so old, and I’m falling off a riding toy splitting my chin open. I don’t remember specifics of the cat & bird- now it’s like a memory of a memory if that makes sense. I know when I was young (under 6) I probably could have given actual details. 

Funny thing is, I’ve yet to meet a cat that didn’t like me. My sister has a cat that’s the biggest asshole to everyone but an absolutely snuggle bug to me. He hisses and scratches anyone who tries to pick him up except me- he scratches lightly if I try to put him down. 
I’m terrified of heights, and falling, but I find flying very peaceful. I loved looking out the window and seeing all that openness below me. 
These are probably just coincidental but I think it’s interesting. You should read many lives many masters. Reincarnation is something I’ve always believed in and reading it through that lens and no skepticism was really cool. In regards to your question about genetics, my opinion and would say is that your soul chose everything about your path including “random” genetics. I believe there’s a lot less free will than we like to think. I’m kind of new to spiritually and stuff, but I think there’s a 95% chance reincarnation is true. I’ve heard so  many stories about kids knowing their past lives and all the details they said about a person they were in their past life ended up to be true it’s a very complex thing, as if unavoidable. i read it somewhere that in order to reincarnate, you must have no connections to the material world. how does one achieve such a thing? in this life, i’m on the search for answers :) I do believe in reincarnation. I know several people that have recollections or were able to see their past lives Some people have recollections. There's a show on Netflix about kids who remember and most of what they remembered was able to be verified. I watched a YouTube video last night about a woman who remembers being incarnated that was interesting. It's just the way this strange universe works. If you haven't found the answer inside, others who have can help.   We have all lived countless lives starting at the smallest bacterial level. We have maneuvered through the animal kingdom up to this point - consciously aware. Now it is time to graduate from the physical by burning any karmic tendencies we may hold. It could take many lifetimes or it could be done in an instant. Surrender. Let go of all attachment to this physical world. Understand that everything is in motion, constant change. Nothing ever stops, nothing ever stays. From family members to material items.  Habits and tendencies create karma. Karma is not a balance of right and wrong, good bad etc... Karma is attachment... And attachment is the cement that glues you to rebirth. If you want to break the cycle, be consciously aware in every moment. Surrender. Let go, be free. I asked my mentor why he was so able to be entirely care free and without stress, worry anxiety he said that he has lived life successfully thousands of times, this is one of my first times living an 'aware life' but that I was already impressive in my strength "It’s interesting that we have no recollections of our past lives."

What makes you think that's true? The U.S. threatened sanctions against China if they interfered with the Dalai Lama’s reincarnation..It was nestled in 2020 Covid Package Trump signed. No one knows for sure.
I am starting to believe that there are generational curses of abusive cycles within family units.
I also don't think that all members of a family in one life time will keep it going, like your grandparent becomes your grand child. I think it does go this way often but you can connect with karmic souls and soul mates in other ways. It's not always going to be blood relations.
You can be sent different karmics, it's only really the soul mates you need to connect with in each life time. As a soul contract goes. 
However when you regard the ancestral spirits, it does seem that what you give to others as a member of the family, you will get back in return, in one way or another.
The good and bad intentions will balance out as the energy has to find balance. I don’t believe in reincarnation but in Akashik files : a common memory of every that was lived.  And I prefer solidarity : we are all connected and make progress , received blessing for each other. when we choose selfishness, it is bad for all humanity (and creation) but it can be cured by love. A priest once told me that it can be the devil who’s putting those memories into the minds of children since it knows peoples pasts. I however still have my questions and doubts  🤷‍♀️ THERE GOES THE LAST GREAT AMERICAN DYNASTY! in a room of her own. I see it less as levels and more as a house with different floors and rooms on each floor; (e.g. main floor is psychic as a whole but basement is clairaudience. In the basement you have multiple rooms that showcase different aspects of clairaudience, some doors will just be open and you can just walk in and access. Some are closed but unlocked, you just need to be willing to open the door and step in to see what's ahead and most doors are locked, you have a key that opens most doors meaning you can train some of these abilities but they may not be something you just have automatic access to and some doors the key won't open the lock no matter what, these are skill you just aren't able to access.) Yeah there is so many different types of psychics. And even amongst different types you got different levels of this psychic ability. It's matching energy and permission. Being in close proximity to psychics creates more permission for your own abilities to open and flex a little bit. 

The part where you see the same thing the psychic is seeing is matching energy with their crown chakra and yours. 

That's the mechanism that the energy uses to create the experiences you describe. Culturally, there are a lot of different ways these same experiences get described, and often times the descriptions have nothing to do with the actual mechanism. 

But it's not scary, even when it scares you and you scream. It's just matching energy with permission to see energy and spirit. The most impressive tk demo I’ve seen (which is also completely unverifiable) was a pen being rolled across a table, and the woman who did it was totally exhausted after. Everything else I’ve seen or done my self is on an incredibly small scale like knocking a tiny piece of paper over. It’s basically an inconsistent parlor trick at best. A waste of time really. 

If you’re really set on it, the idea is to remove the false mental barrier of separation between you and the object. It should feel like an extension of you in the same way as your hand or foot does. Then you just move it. It takes deep concentration and a lot of energy. [removed] A LOT of meditating. You basically need to get to the levels where you're literally feeling energy and can form energy balls.

You can then use that energy harnessed and control it and move small objects. It takes quite a bit of work but is interesting nonetheless. Practice, it's not easy to do, it took me weeks to get a can rolling. I invite Archangel Michael, who has authority over all entities and demons.

Let's him handle it.

Peace! .The crystal jet is an awesome protective black crystal. I wear a bracelet of it on the left because that’s the receiving side. 
. Humming
. Chanting
. Sage
. Palo santo
. Fill your space with loving light
. Silver crosses
. don’t feed it any energy/ as if it didn’t exist
. Visualize healing imagery over area of discomfort/ tense area.
. Remember your power/ energy
You are the captain.
. Wearing all white
. Prayer
And yes praying to arch angel Michael
. Ask higher self to leave answers on what to do.
. Hide aura? Sometimes I visualize a invisibility cloak.
. Call back your energy
. Protective symbols, wearing them, sometimes I wave the sage into different symbols, visualizing the symbol all around. 

Good luck hope this helps 
You got the power!🐥✨🌞 The description sounds like a parasite.  Do you happen to be experiencing a specific emotion more so than you usually do? There are some people I don’t want to be next to because I feel my energy being zapped just by being near them. However, if I’m grounded and consciously protecting my energy, it’s not as bad. Could be a few different things going on there to be honest. 

First instinct was an energy vampire. They will drain your energy in the same way we think of vampires draining blood from their victims - hence the name. Shielding & blocking helps, avoiding them as much as possible helps more. 

But the anxiety bit? Sometimes that just happens with people we just aren’t on the same wavelength with, their energy clashes with ours to make us feel unsettled or anxious around them. Or feeling that anxiety, it could be your own intuition warning you to stay away from this person. On some level you know they/their intentions towards you, aren’t so good, and maybe even dangerous. That’s a gut instinct that should always be listened to IMHO. If someone makes you feel scared, unsettled, on edge or anxious, for whatever reason, listen to that feeling and keep your distance from them as much as you can. 

The ‘taking out’ of information could be any number of psychic abilities the person also has, or it could just be the mannerisms or characteristics they have that aren’t psychic in nature at all…. An old psychology trick is to keep quiet around people and let them do the talking (as most people want to fill the silence so talk). Not remotely psychic in nature but incredibly effective at getting information from people and quite manipulative too. It just sounds like empathy. My vibration drops a lil whenever I come into contact with people. Most people vibrate at very low levels so this phenomenon is pretty common for empaths.

Nobody can "steal" or "manipulate" your energy without your permission. We're all connected, so it may feel like they're doing something, but they're really not. You just gotta stay up on your energy practice. I see There's no such thing as "death" imo; only transition. My cousin, who is definitely more like my twin brother, feels this way on occasion. And while it’s not a “depressive state” (bc he has had those…. Frequents them as well as manic episodes sometimes. He’s conscious of those, even!) but imo, its because I believe he ultimately feels…. *Useless.* Void of a purpose and no true responsibility to anything that exists. No children…. A s/o or spouse would still soldier on once hes gone, and animals too would be taken care of if he was to suddenly die. 

He doesnt *want to die* but he says “I dont necessarily want to be here, either.” It may just be as complicated and as simple as this… you have to find what your “purpose” is. 

Depending on your personal beliefs, there are teachings/ religions that believe that you live and die multiple times, right? Reincarnation…. And every life is meant for the spirit or soul to “learn” something, and to ultimately “pass a test” of sorts. 

It could be that your lesson or purpose has not revealed itself in this life cycle…. And maybe, your existence this time around is meant to help *another spirit* with their journey. (I firmly believe there are some things we go through that can be especially difficult and we say “damn why me??!” And to that, my response is **“sometimes the lesson isnt meant for you.”**

Ending your life cycle prematurely may make that lesson to be learned impossible for the spirit it was meant for…. And could be detrimental to the growth of your own life cycle…

Lots of deep “ifs” I know, but it does indeed make me wonder some days. And I read your “not a cry for help” as genuine, but if you were to take your thoughts to a level beyond just the discussion, Id highly suggest finding an unbiased voice to help with those thoughts. 💕 yes, i would be okay to go right now :) Yes, though I do read a lot about NDEs and have had many spiritual experiences myself. I did have an NDE too but as I was being pulled towards the light, I quickly realized I was dead and immediately went back to my body. I knew it was not my time. Death is just the final point of your experience. Something that gives this experience sense, since with infinite time we would end up doing all the choices we want, so wouldn't be crucial to make decisions or aim for something instead of something else. After years I don't fear death anymore for two main reasons: I know is not the end and I am doing what I really want to do in this lifetime. We could die any moment for any reason, but if you do all the time what you really want and matters for you will be always ok to go: is impossible to accomplish everything we hope for, but I don't waste a second Honestly that's my regular view on it. I've lived a good life, I've helped a lot of people in their darkest times. When my time comes, I will greet death like a long lost friend. Yes I'm ok with dying just now.. I've given up on myself and people make me angry I don't want to die but I haven't been afraid of dying for at least 7 years now. For a while I was totally Blaise about my mortality. But now I have 3 pets that depend on me and when I think of dying on my way home from work I get sad that no one will be able to take care of them (not exactly true but the fact they depend on me makes me care a little bit more about making it home alive) lmao. Yeah writing all this out makes me sound a bit disturbed but *shrugs* I don’t fear death at all but I’d be bummed if I died because there’s so much I still want to experience. That being said, the feeling of not feeling connected or indifferent about living or dying can be caused by a lot of things, when that happens for me it’s due to not being adequately grounded. You need to ground your energy and tether to earth, you’re energy is likely in the clouds. The clouds is a pleasant place to be, but the ground is where you get the full human experience. I'm not only okay with dying, I've been looking forward to it since I was a child. Just because I believe I will get concrete *answers* upon death. Most of what I'm doing here, is blindly guessing and connecting dots.


Still, nobody's taking me out before my time. Absolutely. And trust me, this feeling is very distinct from feeling suicidal. The difference lies between having respect and appreciation for death as a force, vs craving death as a means of escape. I see death as something to not fear, but something to look forward to without rushing towards. I was really sick and near death at age 17. I told my mother I wasn't afraid of dying, just afraid of what I'd miss out on. I am very sad because I lost someone close to me- and I don’t. Feel like I can go on alone

My heart aches- I look forward to leaving this world- and hope I never have to come back because it’s difficult here

I hope the after life is better than this real life Definetly don't end your life. If you feel suicidal, please seek help and talk to someone. I don't fear death, but I don't want to end my life.  The two are very different. 

But to answer your question: yes. I was stabbed and it hit an artery and I thought I was going to die. But I felt weirdly calm and okay with it. I survived....or did i? Muhahaha! A cop saved my life. The EMS couldn't come to the scene until the police cleared it. The first cop on the scene said, "fuck that", threw me in his car, and coded to the ambulance. I will be forever grateful to him. 

FYI I was bouncing out of a club when this happened. A guy assaulted a woman, and I was dragging him out when he stabbed me. In the neck. 

But yeah, I can now totally relate to that feeling. Death doesn't scare me personally, but it makes me worried for those I would leave behind. And I have no feelings of wanting to take my own life. I'm going to enjoy it while I have it. You sound extremely depressed and like you're oppressing yourself. Is there nothing you want to do? Nothing you enjoy doing? 

It sounds like deep inside you definitely feel things, you've just told yourself they're not okay and denied them. If you want to die, there are definitely reasons. Why aren't you being honest with yourself? to be, or not to be…. You are here to experience life. If it is generally tolerable, just keep going. Death/transition will happen eventually anyway <3 Yes. I've almost died a few times and it wasn't bad at all. Even when there was a lot of suffering to get me there. Dying was the easy part. It is quite peaceful. One night I felt very sick and laid down on my bed. I remember feeling like I was going to die and this feeling of bliss washed over my body. I went to sleep thinking "if I die, that's okay". I thought maybe I was crazy until my husband said he felt the same exact thing around the same time.  Clarity of awareness it is what it is.  Now what?   Is that all the enlightenment you want?  Can you expand further and get better insights?  Yes you can and here is where it is at.       Happiness  does not serve survival.  Happiness comes and goes.  Practices last, purpose is there.  Purpose gives you drive. To spark that, one should practice compassion.  Therein lies a multitude of things to be done.   Conscious detachment should be discerned as something different from apathy and depression.       Aversion is as much a problem as attachment is.
I kept going.  I keep going.  Choosing purposes daily.  Compassion for all ,lol, even shaking my fist at some. I think it depends on your age. If you're having these thoughts at 70 well okay. If you're 20; something is amiss. 


As a suicide survivor, professional psychic reader, and someone who has dx'd OCD & severe generalized anxiety; I would say that it isn't the intentional function of the body to operate in the opposite of survival mode.



survival is written in our DNA and that's why people fight so hard to live. 


so when things are like 'I'm ready to die...' again as somebody who has, you know... dealt with "mental health issues" in the past, I would say that it's possible that you could be having some type of depressive episode that you're not aware of. 


You remind me of a client of mine that I had, and about a year later he ended up ending his life. I met him here on Reddit, in this forum, and his message started out almost exactly the same as yours. 



So I would encourage you to seek some therapy or counseling from someone who is trained to diagnose mental health issues because your brain is VITAL! 


What I learned losing my client is that human beings do not reach out for help soon enough because we think we can handle everything on our own. We can't. There's nothing wrong with getting some help. 


You might not even think there's anything wrong, but **apathy** is a symptom of some disorders like OCD. 



Sorry if seems intense. After he died, I vowed to never again try to spiritualize mental health issues, and direct people to get help. I  am also in therapy. Nothing wrong with it. 


❤️ As a mom of four children, death is not on my radar. 


I don't think about it anymore. I've made peace with the contract being the contract. I do not want to know my Exit Plan. 


I plan on living until I'm super old and then hopefully they'll have developed technology to greatly extend people's lives over the next 50 years, and if that's the case,  I'm in like Flynn baby! I'll take *all the chips* and everything cuz Immortality? bring it on! 


I would like to do a bunch of things, and if I could die whenever I wanted that would be awesome. 


Otherwise, I just want to live til I'm super old and I want to see as much of my family generation line play out as possible.


I want to see what my kid's kids look like, and if I'm old enough to see their kids- that would be amazing and I want to be around long enough to make an impression on the world and on my family, definitely. 


I don't fear death. I'm not scared to die. nothing like that, but I definitely want to live till I'm at least one hundred.


No one gets out alive. We're definitely not special in that any of us gets to escape death. However if there's a way to extend it so that I could have another hundred years like I would totally take that in a heartbeat. Yes, I am a very happy person and have a fulfilled life.  For all of that I have faced death many times and no longer fear the transition.   

I also don't just mean I have come close to dying, which I have; but I have also seen the specter of death when it came for a young woman I worked with. Maybe you had time issues in previous employment and that maybe creeping into your present day. Could it be a sign you need to move on or acknowledging you want to lay down roots as time is passing you by?
The smells could be there to take you to certain time and place as we have certain fragrance we associate with certain places or people. Dig deep within and feel what your sensing in your mind when you get these feelings as your very first impressions are often what you need to take notice of and ask yourself what are you trying to show me.  Don't let your mind race as it often tries to make sense of what you are sensing and you loose that first impression Clairalience means clear smelling. 
This is being able to smell odors that don't have any kind of physical source. Instances of this could include smelling the perfume or the cigarette smoke of a deceased relative, used as a sign of their presence around us. When our sense of smell is strong and distinct, we may find that certain smells connect us to past memories or we may be drawn to working as a florist, a wine taster or a perfume fragrance creator. Anyone has the sense to detect energy.  You don't necessarily have to practice reiki to pick up on energy.
If you look ant the outline of most things you can see the energy around it, don't really focus on and give it a soft gaze and you will be able to sense the e energy around the object.  I worked with wind turbines and I could see the glow of energy around them just from gazing at them It’s just like a muscle. Some people are born with stronger abilities while others have to work it out. Why are some people naturally better at basketball?

Why are some people naturally better at chess?

Why are some people naturally better at dancing? I believe it's due to a few reasons.  How many incarnations you have been through and your purpose being here in this life,  how open you are to spirit and has trauma caused you to block yourself?
Sometimes we get that wrapped up in our own lives and what's going on we simply can't see the wood for the trees.  In short we all have the ability, but some open up more than others because everyone is programmed and walked through life in many different ways ANYONE can experience this phenomena in the right brainwave state, in response to a weak magnetic field around the brain. Magnetism is an intrinsic property of consciousness itself. You have millions of magnetite crystals in your brain, and when your brain is in a state of hemispheric coherence, your brain is more capable of perceiving non-local/psychic information. 

I think you will find some good research on this through the work of the neuroscientist Michael A Persinger (RIP) and his team, among them Dr Todd Murphy who has an excellent YouTube channel with video lectures on this topic. 
Dr Persinger studied this phenomena for decades before he died. Dr Todd Murphy continues this work. 

All human brains are capable of receiving extra sensory information. When you are conscious/alert and awake, your brain operates on a higher frequency brainwave than when you’re sleeping/meditating/dreaming. Psychic phenomena studied in Persinger’s lab found that the 7-7.8hz frequency was typically the frequency in which psychic phenomena was experienced and could be observed in the lab. 

If you entrain your brainwaves to that frequency, the “binding factor” of your consciousness is disrupted and your brain is then sensitive to be aware of electromagnetic signals from other areas (outside of the brain), i.e, “non local information” aka psychic phenomena. Your brain is capable of this because it is full of magnetite crystals. Even though you may not be able to identify what a magnetic field “feels” like, you would be affected by it, regardless. 

The “binding factor” is simply the frequency we typically operate on, which allows us to believe that we are separate individuals and our consciousness is inside our body. Disrupt the signal and that changes. 

All magnetic fields are connected, so, if your brain is in coherence with the Schumann resonance, your brain may become aware of all kinds of information throughout the whole magnetic field. Again, ALL magnetic fields being connected (all conscious creatures, throughout earth’s magnetic field) would mean you could access more information from more places than you could imagine.

What’s really cool is that you can build technology, pretty affordable, that can entrain your brain to that frequency and experience this even if you may not otherwise consider yourself to be psychic. It uses a programmed Arduino, and a copper coil around a halo, runs off a program and a 9v battery, and is no more powerful than stereo headphones.

That being said, I wouldn’t consider myself or my mom to be psychic people, and the first time we used this technology she was able to ACCURATELY remote view and correctly identify a simple drawing I had made. I also attempted to read her thoughts, and approximated a representation of what she was thinking of (a butterfly). Both of us are completely new to these kind of experiences, and we are finding that it feels much more like our imagination, than what it actually is. We will be conducting further experiments to see how far we can develop our abilities and train ourselves to become more psychic. I personally believe that we each come here on a mission to do and learn certain things. Some people didn’t come here to experience those abilities but to experience other things this world has to offer. No one is better than one another, just on different journeys. That’s my simplified take on it at least. Some have more neural connections in their brain. Specifically a region of the brain called the caudate putamen. Everyone is psychic. Some have some resemblance of control over it.  Others rationalize low probability events and never really question where the information came from. Because their energy fields, bodies and minds have a different structure. Different is not better, is often worse in this case. Simply put; we are all unique. Each of us has something that we excel at more than most all others, as it should be. I'm sure you would agree you have an ability that's stronger/more developed than your others. Focus on the one that comes easily to you. I believe that ability is the one you will excel at as you are meant to. 💜 I feel like some people have pure intentions so their third eye and heart chakras arent blocked It comes with a price. The less-psychic people def romance the idea, however, the ability to peer behind the vail is more like a burden that few acknowledge (it mostly manifests as mental illness), and even fewer are able to turn into something productive that can actually help others. People have had many lives to learn many different kinds of karmic lessons.
As the soul gets older and learns more, the spiritual growth strengthens.
Some people move towards their higher self to the higher vibrational state and will be more receptive to the influences of spirit.
If our souls choose to descend, fail to learn lessons, and repeat life mission cycles, then those souls will struggle to connect with spirit. Genetic disposition may have something to do with it.  Divine blood and breeding or incarnations of Deities.  That would be the simplest answer.  It's been said the genetic difference between a spiritual person and an atheists perception is genetic as well and may relate to the penial gland, some people do not really have these.  I do not know if that's true but with be a logical understanding to the difference in our perception and reception to the universe. Awareness of information and energy is a study and pratice. 
Some come into the world more inclined to it, some work a bit to get it. 

It just depends on if you want it or reject it 
Muscles are muscles, lile top comment said 👌 [removed] Why are some ppl better at art then others? My self esteem has decreased after reading the comments :/ 

I feel like Mirabel from Encanto lol The same reason some people are naturally more athletic than others I’m someone who’s been  psychic since a child and my abilities haven’t really waned when I became an adult. As a child, I would talk to my grandfather that passed away & I knew facts about him that I shouldn’t of because I never met him in person. As a teenager, I could go to someone’s house and the lights would turn on or you could see “spirit people” in their house (especially when it’s my first time coming there). I even had friends that passed away when I was a teenager & they would come visit me & they would talk to me as if were having a conversation in real life. They would talk to me as if they didn’t die & like we are having a conversation as friends. My door would open and close all night & at some point I dropped out of school because I couldn’t handle my gifts. Did I ask for these gifts? Not exactly, but I couldn’t turn it off so I adapted to the gifts. When I was a teenager, I thought it was a bad thing because I experienced things like my bed levitating in the air, spirits jumping on phone calls with me talking to friends, spirits appearing in pictures & having panic attacks because I continued to see things. There was even a time, I went to visit my uncle for the first time in Georgia & I saw three different spirits in a room and the next day I was able to take a picture of one in these rainbow colors. 

I truly think some people are born with the gifts & didn’t necessarily ask for it but we are all intuitive in our own ways. I am basing this on my own experience & I think some people can enhance their psychic abilities and start their spiritual journey later on in life. Honestly, I think when you start your journey later in life or enhance the abilities on your own, it’s really nice because you are ready and welcoming that awakening. When you are born with it, it can be quite frightening at such a young age & times when you’re very vulnerable (like depression or times of sadness- negative spirits can be attracted to your energy. 

I think this topic is more dynamic & there are more factors than we think. I  particularly disagree with anyone giving concrete answers because there isn’t a yes or no or specific path to this. Psychics from all levels are all human at the end of the day & have their own opinions on this topic. Claiming to be an expert can be somewhat close minded. I would love to encourage everyone to share their experiences and knowledge so we can all learn from each other. Ive always known I'm psychic because I have had very significant experiences throughout my entire life but at the age of 31 I stopped taking drugs and meditated every day for 5 hours for 3 weeks straight and I had a profound shift in my abilities where I became fully telepathic and the occult and psychic information I have received has been mind blowing but it has also been very difficult. There are many malicious telepaths who work for the Ideological Satanists that control the built world. Anyway, another factor is age. For me it manifested in my late 20s and early 30s. Worthiness and purity of intent Because they are more aware. Some people are born with it more pronounced than others, *but* you can also either let that skill fall by the wayside **or** keep practicing so you get better at it. 


Case in point: in our family the whole legend is that "only the oldest daughter is the psychic". That's just not true. My younger sister and aunt also have psychic powers to some extent but they haven't developed them as much because of self limiting beliefs that they didn't inherit much in terms of clairsentience and clairvoyance. Also they call it "the most useless psychic power ever". My mom (also the eldest daughter) has more pronounced powers but she never developed them because she didn't know how (and also is wicked religious). 


Tl;dr: everyone has them and it doesn't matter what extra power ups you're born with if you don't spend time developing your gifts. I had a few psychic experience, especially a premonition about a co-worker's brain tumor that expressed poetically 10 days before the event. There were a few other remarkable events (see the cat events in Astral Projection in my history). I figured hey, I seem to have a gift, so started researching psi. The main thing I found that I could literally cultivate and quantify was remote viewing. I started with RV Tournament and proved that I can see the future (you concentrate on a 8-digit code & draw what comes to you, the actual photo is released next day). I'm now enrolled in an RV curriculum. The other thing that seems quantifiable is Radionics and I'm working towards that. Lastly PENDULUMS are awesome!!! It enables you to speak with your subconscious which is a direct line to the superconscious & knows all. Practically nobody communicates with their SC which is really like a conjoined twin & is where all psi comes from. Some of us are born that way In Destiny of Souls, Dr. Newton says that star seeds (alien-human hybrid souls, originating from a planet other than earth but now living on earth) usually have a greater psychic ability due to their original species in a past life reaching a higher intelligence level than most earth-originating humans have reached degree of calcification of the pineal gland and vitamin k2 deficiency. starseeds I think it has to do with empathy/ emotional intelligence… some people have lots, others don’t It’s taken you years to develop yours? Mine just dropped on me one day as if something cracked open my third eye with an ice pick! How do these things happen? Yep!  Definitely psychic, not crazy. Sorry for your loss. 

How to take control? Be patient. Practice. Be more patient.

Try this. Sit in a chair. Close your eyes. Take a deep breath. Feet flat on the floor. Hands separated and resting palms up on each thigh.

Create a grounding cord. This is a line of energy that connects your first chakra to the center of the planet. Your first chakra is a ball of energy about the size of a quarter that sits just in front of the base of your spine. Your grounding cord attaches to the bottom of that ball of energy.

Grounding makes your body feel safe, so you release energy more easily. Gravity pulls whatever you release, even your own energy, down to the center of the planet. No effort on your part. The center of the planet neutralizes the energy and returns it to whoever owns it. No karma for anyone. A virtuous cycle.

Nearly everyone goes to connect to the center of the planet the first time but stops at the soil, often making roots like a tree. This is a method that is taught in some martial arts styles, but it is not the best option for your spiritual development and healing.

So, notice the seat of your chair. Take a deep breath. Notice the distance between the seat and the floor. Now notice the distance between the floor and the soil below. Breathe.

Now notice the distance between the soil and the water table underneath. Notice the distance between the water table and the rocky mantle. Notice the distance between the mantle and the molten core below that. Deep breath.

Notice the distance between the molten core and the center of the planet. That ball of light at the very center of the planet is where you connect your grounding cord. Deep breath.

Say hello to the center of the planet. Do you get a hello back?

Notice the color and texture of your grounding cord. It may look like a line of energy, or look like something physical; a rope, a wire, a pipe, a tree trunk. Adjust it as needed to be in affinity with your body.

Getting this far means you've already released some energy from your aura and body. Now it is time to fill in the space that was created.

Create a gold sun over your head. Have it call back all of your energy from wherever you left it throughout your day and week. Work. School. Online meetings. Video games. Your fantasies about your future. Your regrets about your past. Wherever you've placed your attention. Just watch the energy come back and see if you notice where it came from.

Have the sun burn up and neutralize your energy. Then bring the sun into the top of your head. It will automatically flow into the spaces you created. Create a gauge to measure when you're full. Like a fuel gauge or oil gauge. You'll run better if you aren't a few quarts low on spiritual oil. If the gauge doesn't read "Full", bring in another gold sun.

Open your eyes, bend over and touch the floor, draining any tension from the back of your neck, then stand up, and stretch.

There is a progression with this technique. After grounding for ten minutes a day for a week or two, notice your grounding cord at the very end, while you're standing with your eyes open. Continue to ground with your eyes open and standing, and bring in another gold sun. Each day, increase the amount of time that you ground standing up with your eyes open.

After a week or two practicing this, add walking while grounded. Just notice your grounding cord as you walk. Say hello to the center of the planet while you walk. Bring in a gold sun while you walk.  If you lose your grounding cord, stop walking and recover it. If you have to, sit back down and close your eyes and create a new grounding cord.

After this, you're ready to take your grounding cord with you into your daily life. Shopping. Getting coffee. Wherever you go, you can ground. This, combined with a little amusement about seeing new things on an energy level, will keep you safe and sound.

Now that you're here, at the end of your grounding meditations, create a gold sun over your head. This time, fill it with your highest creative essence, your present time growth vibration, and your affinity for yourself. The first energy is a healing for you. The second is a healing for your body. The third is a healing for your affinity in your fourth chakra.

Bend over and touch the floor. Stand up and stretch. If you're ready for more, sit back down and ground some more. Otherwise, have a nice day!

Note that every image you imagine, the gold sun, the grounding cord, the center of the planet, your first chakra, your body parts, is exercising your clairvoyance. You may be imagining what your tailbone looks like, but you're also creating the image of your tailbone and reading its energy. This is practicing your clairvoyant ability. To answer the last question, meditation has made the biggest difference for me. I think that’s the best place to start It could be your past life. The civilization we currently live in could be rebuilding from the fall of an ancient civilization that was far beyond advance than is now. That's interesting, you went to a whole different dimension lol That very interesting maybe a vision of the future So cool :) These are energy centers that work as blueprints of building blocks. Just like a carpenter would have a blueprint to build a house. The consciousness has blueprints to create energy patterns that would fit the psychic-laws or rules. 

Just like a house can have a basement, a first floor, an attic, a yard, etc. The main consciousness can create a reality of its own with these energies. Google images [deleted] Are you expecting a lot of research evidence in one of the responses? Hey I was also having p vivid dreams while I was smoking. I've been clean for a little over a month now and the dreams just got way crazier and I can recollect many details. Highly recommend. I still miss weed sometimes but I am very proud of myself for having gotten this far and the dreams have made sobriety all the more worthwhile. And entertaining. And insightful I do.

I have no advice lol.

I just take it as it comes.

I've seen no pattern or correlation to any of them this far. I have some visions that come true I just have 2 psychic abilties dont worry about it too much. the mind serves as your interface for all phenomena—both visions seen from external objects and visions arising from internal circumstances. They just come at weird times. Ive seen visions that haven’t happened yet so idk what they symbolise I had one while driving down a busy highway once.  I was taken out of the vehicle ( obviously just in my mind) but I no longer persieved the road. Instead I was right in the midst of two visions that unfolded infront of me. 

I am not sure how long they lasted but when  I was again perceiving the road I was safe and still driving at highway speed.   If you want to discuss your visions. I am happy to listen. Feel free to message me. Just watch that’s so raven lol. She was a psychic who got visions Ever had a daydream with your eyes open? Somewhat similar, though I’ve never given another being control over the meat puppet. This is more of an active conscious mind and silencing the intellect mind to a level that certain thoughts of a certain frequency are impressed. It takes a type of conditioning. The condition is carried along with a desire to achieve the open channeling. Premonition. They're also called "precognitive." Approach spirituality as if coincidences don't exist, or very rarely. Otherwise, everything is just "coincidence" and you get into this closed-minded scientific materialism viewpoint. Your gifted❤️ This is happened to me, too. My mom also jokes about having psychic abilities sometimes lol, and I've had similar things where I have a strong feeling that ends up being true, even if there is evidence against it until it happens, or in my dreams I will have premonitions or remember signfiicant details that happen IRL later. I think it's up to you to figure out what to do with this info. 

For your boyfriend, you could tell him that you had a dream and ask him to be careful. If he were to have something bad happen to him, then that warning could either help him prevent being in that situation or prevent the situation from being worse. I think of it as similar to the call of the void, that feeling that when you're standing over a rail and you think "I could jump off this right now" but you don't. Phsyiologically, this is built into human brains so that we are aware and DON'T put ourselves in danger, and this type of warning could help your boyfriend.

Personally, I had a strong dream last night that my friend and her new husband announced their divorce. I woke up in a cold sweat, tried to relax, and then fell back asleep only to have the same dream but stronger again. This morning I texted my friend to ask her how she was because I had a dream about her. I didn't tell her what the dream was because I don't want to cause unnecessary worry, but I wanted to check in with her. You could do something similar, too. Tell your boyfriend you had a worrisome dream and to be careful, no specific details unless you feel it's important to share. Same with other people, although it's harder to do this for strangers like the little boy.

Sending you love and light <3 I’ve had a similar situation aswell! I had a dream I was at work stacking a particular shelf and I woke up and thought Lol that was bizarre. Come a few weeks later I’m actually stacking that same shelf, and get déjà vu from that moment in my dream. right after that we had an armed robbery Just because someone reaches out to you, doesn’t mean you owe them a response, or even an acknowledgement, especially if they/the relationship was toxic. 

Take the control back and pre-empt it - Block them all, especially if they’re no good for you. I agree with voodoo, practice boundary setting with people who you don't vibe with. Block and walk away.  Lots of toxicity online, too. You don't... you work on setting boundaries better, and not interacting with toxic people. That's purely your fault. I’m dealing this this too, thank you for sharing!Yeah, I like what others are saying about more boundary setting and energetic cord cutting. I’m still sifting out some energetic cords that have been draining me for too long Make it stop? What you have is a gift for you to use. What you want is more control and that comes with repetition, practice and resolve. Remove the energy cords and finally move on because thoughts can reconnect you to their energy. Also it may not be YOU doing this, but THEM! Nah don’t just channel it. If you want to make it stop it’ll be hard to make it happen again. Enjoy your gift. First of, you put energy into something, it will become more present in your reality. You can't really think about people without attracting the energy of them. You better think of something else, something you want to manifest into your reality.

Now, do you really want to stop it though? I find it kinda cool the manifestation process you described, not everyone has all this manifestation power. Not saying it is good, but I don't think it is bad either. You can surely extract the sweet juices of it. 

&#x200B;

About toxic people, I don't really know how you feel about it, but sometimes people change to the better, not saying you should listen to everyone, but it is a possibility. Now, if you really want to cut these people off from your life you gotta stop putting energy in this chord. The more you think about someone, the more this someone is present in your life.  
You can try a chord cutting meditation to get rid of thos unwanted energetic chords. If your into magic/spell casting you could also try a chord cutting spell, just search for it on reddit or google, there are tons of tutorials on how to do that. Wear a veil Your comment reminds me of a time in my life when I knew there was no fully ever going back to "making it stop". This may not apply to you but thought induction(malicious telepaths placing thoughts in your head leading to a chain of thoughts you think and possible actions) is a huge thing in the world right now. How in the world do you do that? the perception of time can be altered with numerous drugs, endogenous and exogenous. dmt is naturally occurring at time of death. caffeine, for instance, dilates time in my experience. I recently had a dream on this and this is what I was told. You can. Gravity - changes time, they showed me our solar system and how the gravitational dips around the planets bend light and time. Then they zoomed in on my life and showed me where i had placed “gravitational weight” on my own time frame. They showed that i was spacing my memorable moments too far apart. (by years) If i needed time to slow i need to give attention to each and every moment i am thankful for throughout the day. (Be just as thankful for your morning shower as you were thankful for Graduating HS for example) and  It’s worked tbh. I can spend a whole day accomplishing seriously 500% more activities than i used too. The trick is to pay attention to the moment in front of me and be thankful for it and move forward onto the next. Without even thinking about it time has tremendously slowed. If you put your attention(focus) on an event to the future you will begin to drift towards it in an increasing time frame as well. So stay present and focus on the task and your enjoyment of the MOMENT. I'm sure some can You do it by more fully experiencing the present moment with your senses, then time slows down. If you withdraw your attention to a fantasy or less detail of your environment than time speeds up. Humans can control time perception. And humans can control body temperature . Because we’re not mature enough to handle it. Some people would abuse their power! I'm pretty sure some people can. Actually I’ve learned this ability. I’ll take out a stopwatch on my phone, hit start, and as the numbers count I’ll “play with” the interval between numbers. I haven’t done anything too crazy yet but I’ve altered my perception to make time pass ~ 20% slower and ~ 40% faster than usual Belief One could say we have been evolving to speed up time at will, but at great cost to our happiness. 

If you look in to Zen, it is all about meditating to slow down time and experience happiness in the moment. 

I once became so intensely focused that I was noticing every hair on my arms. No drugs involved.

But as soon as we are at a boring job or whatever, our instinct is to speed up time to get it over with. It's the opposite of Zen, really. If you have a job you don't like it can start to seem like the days merge together and you start to feel depressed. You can do this a little bit like getting through the work day faster by keeping busy, not looking at the clock, keeping it fun.

Time seems to slow down when you are doing something you hate. Or you are in agony. 

Certainly taking drugs can alter you perception of time alot. Research time dilation, it was proven in the Einstein era that something moving faster experiences time more quickly. Ever heard the saying 'time flies when you're having fun,' ya well you can and do experience time dilation, and you can slow time down by staring at the clock watching each second. Hi my friend! Answering your questions in “my own XP”.
Humans can. I have “slowed” the time at will in my own time/space for “quite some time” now.
Perception, “timeless”. Stopped/Slowed. 
No drugs involved. 
Haven’t tried to speed it up yet. Not needed. But I can only imagine something kind of like “Jumper” the movie. There is so much info. I believe it’s somewhat a highly vibrational state you can reach at some point. Have experienced it myself somehow but stopped trying then again is something I don’t want to right now and few other things.
We “will” evolve “at will”. Our bodies are perfect and were made for that and so much more.

Train your eyes with light. Start with a small candle in a dark room for a few minutes a day. One eye first. Then the other one. (Cover gently one with your hand). Meditate while at it. Then both eyes. Then one and the other and so on…
Focus on the flame at first, then slowly move on to the light. 
That will help with some of the “current” eye’s diseases as well. 
But for starters, drink “tons” of water to start up the engine and cleansen it.
Hope to be of help. Love. Some shaman can do this. I have been trained in it, but it is not easy. Same goes for seeing in the dark, which is a little easier to do and only took about 10 years training. A common example you’re kind of describing is what you experience during an adrenaline spike, alters the perception and experience of time. You can definitely experience time faster or slower at will in a few different situations and not just with ‘recreational drugs’. Meditation and flow states often exhibit these experiences. Having good control over the factors involved in your perception and experience of the present seems like it requires a level of discipline many people just don’t want to exert. As for evolution, seems like there’s plenty of ‘psychosocial forces’ we haven’t fully realized the potential of, the brain is still very much unknown as the full structure it already is and we’ve probably evolved the ability to do many things we aren’t fully taking advantage of They can. requires practice and mediation on the concept of time.

Time is perceptual, along with entropy. So with YouTube readings I’d be a little skeptical. Curses are not that common that I’m aware of, and if 1,000 people watch that video does mean that they all have cursed marriage? 

I’d also gather more info on the curse your MIL is speaking of. Why would they curse her family? There is a chance that it’s a scam and they’re requesting money to undo the “curse” but if they for some reason have a personal vendetta against her then maybe I’d start considering it I am also African like your husband - Ghanaian. In many African cultures black magic is practiced and is legit. I, too, watch tarot readings on youtube. even tough they are for the collective if it resonates, it resonates so trust yourself! Something is telling me that your MIL is not wanting you to be married to her son. However that is just my opinion. As someone who is aware of black magic and it’s negative affects I would HIGHLY recommend getting some kind of protection: crystals, a TRUSTED/LEGITIMATE spiritual advisor, etc…. Watch for flies.
Or weird accidents happening.
Generally speaking though a bunch of flies appearing in the house is something I've seen in a lot of practices as sign of someone sending something wrong your way. I don’t really put much stock in the mass YouTube readings to be honest. 

What I do is close my eyes and ask a question to myself, then wait for my gut to respond. If I get a bad feeling in my gut I trust it. 

There are healers you can go to for cleansing but research because there are a lot of fakes out there. Also, black candles for protection. 

At the same time, while I do believe in magic and curses… I also strongly believe in mental health. If your husband is acting irrationally, talk to him about seeing a therapist. A good culturally competent therapist will take your spiritual views into account and use a holistic approach. r/witches may know better There are many levels to this. First up there are really bad elements out there. Second, the better thing to do is find all the really good things. This honestly is the best defense. Find all the good feeling things you can and laugh and find joy in everything. This is the best defense. The second part is to be firm in your barriers and really assert yourself and your space. Know that you are the master of your life and own it. Then make it a happy fun place to be. The way those bad elements work is it instills fear and uncertainty and then the person that is affected starts to assist in the work being done. Kind of the same as a cancer patient that believes they will die from the disease. I hope this helps. So my grandma’s brother had black magic done on him in India. He was about to come to America and after his wedding he started going nuts. Like acting like a madman and doing weird shit like selling all of his belongings, spending nights outside, and just really weird things. My family didn’t know he had black magic done on him until a bit later. 

My family was very upset and prayed a lot and asked God to show them a way to heal him. His newly wedded wife was so upset and didn’t know if she should even stay with him. My grandma’s family eventually found a healer. When my grandma’s mom walked into the room, the healer immediately said please send this lady who is incredibly sad over my way. He then told them after closing his eyes that their neighbor had done black magic by putting something in my grandmas brother’s food. After he ate the food on his wedding night is when he went insane so it made sense. They did a lot of things to reverse it and it made a difference but unfortunately it left a lasting impact on his brain and he still has to take medication for his behavior to this day, but it is now where near as bad as what it was when he first got married. 

The only cure to black magic is to go to a healer and go to a church and have your whole family blessed. You also have to pray every day. 
Black magic can only be reversed by positive white energy that comes from true intentions such as connection with God or someone with good intent while healing.

Some suggestions I have are:
1. Pray everyday and have your husband pray everyday 
2. Go to a church and have a priest bless both of you. A priest who prays all the time also is a healer in a way so this is helpful.
3. Go on tiktok, YouTube, and google ways to remove black magic spell. There are sooo many helpful videos 
4. Egg cleanse - look up how to do an egg cleanse and do it 
5. Get healing crystals and healing energy elements in your home and lots of healing plants. You want to fill your space with as much positive energy as possible. 

It is going to take time so do these things for a few months. practice psychic defense- specifically cleansing of the aura and wear anything with an evil eye. black magic is extremely common- it can happen just from others thinking negative thoughts about you. and while it can be effective, staying in the light is much stronger and will always block any of that. [removed] No. Magic is not real Go to a BaBaLao If you have black magic you would sense a really huge change prior to when you guys got married and it would get worse by day. There would also be fights for just about any reason and it’s possible that if they were attempting to split y’all apart, he would be cheating. If he’s not cheating, then he’s definitely not giving you enough respect and there’s tons of tears through the marriage. Also if there’s chances you’re being recommended to a psychiatry keep in mind that’s another sign. Sometimes spells have a way of messing with peoples minds making them sensitive and angry pretty quickly. He’ll look lost mentally and isolated. He’ll want to be alone most times. There may also be issues with a job loss / financial losses or possible diseases for unknown reasons.

Try to find someone locally and see what advice they may offer or reach out to another subreddit that would help! Do they channel *through* the subconscious realm? Are they an aspect of you or past life?

Also beware that anything could be a lie or a trick to throw you off. please cleanse your pendulum and practice psychic defense before using it. before going into a session- make a statement that only those of the light can use it. i normally call out to guides, angels, and ancestors specifically. pendulum work is a form of divination that can be just as dangerous as using a ouija board when not used correctly. Talking to spirits is like talking to anyone. We don't listen to all of them without discernment.

That said, the spirits are you. The universe is one thing.

There is nothing to be afraid of.

If a man walks up to you and begins to ramble and tell you things you don't like, you probably leave right?

Spirits tell us stuff all the time. We are not obligated to listen or participate.

Follow your feelings and do as feels best. If you feel scared of this entity, this is all I am recommending you work to diminish. There is nothing to he afraid of.

🙏❤️ if it said it was a friend, how did that jive with your gut instinct? You really need to be careful when dealing g with the pendant and other things for purpose of channelling.
You need to make sure you perform a grounding exercise before you start doing anything. 
You need to train your pendant so you understand what answers you are getting.  If my pendant swings left for yes and right for no then that doesn't mean yours will be the same.  Yours could swing clockwise for yes and anticlockwise for no for example so you need to go through the motions and write down what action the pendulum takes for what question.
When you perform your grounding exercise make your intent to only speak or channel spirit with 100% pure and divine intention.  Ask for protection from your spirit guides and arc angel Michael.  
If you pick.up a low level entity then they probably won't give you any names and probably mess you around, ask for help with these from your guides and thank them for their time and energy then  move on make it clear they are not welcome within your energy.  It's very important you close your session properly and leave nothing open when your finished.  You will probably get random answers when your first setting out, but stick with it and remember grounding and closing your session off properly and you will develop your skill as time passes.
Practice is key 👌🏼 I totally get where you're coming from. I have those moments where I sometimes just "know" things/ how they will turn out. Then I have other moments where I have a short fleeting thought of something I want to happen/ should happen, and it ends up happening. At some point, I just thought it was pure coincidence, but after a while, I noticed the probability of the stuff happening was low, so I started noting them down. Anyway, I don't know what it means, it could just be a very rare case of coincidences lol, but I once saw a psychic and he told me that I had a form of clairvoyance where I just know things. I had never met him before and he didn't know me, and I didn't tell him anything about this, it was about 5 mins into the reading and he had no information about me whatsoever...so IDK, could be, or couldn't be... I think you need to train your mind back into a positive mind set.  When a negative thought comes in try and tell yourself that it's not what you want any more and replace it with a positive remark.  Keep doing this and you will train your thought patterns away from negative vibes ❤️ i consider my intuition a sixth sense, welcome to the club! It certainly looks like your intuition was right and your friend has shown you she is at peace now.  Practice with other things and see where it gets you as you try and develop your gift, but take comfort in knowing your friend came through to you ❤️ Hmm...🤔 Shadow people are real entities, they're from another realm. And people do have shadows but what you described isn't something that a person's shadow, the rejected not-socially-acceptable parts of them, can do.

I suppose it could be possible for someone to create a tulpa like being, and send it to spy on you? And it could appear as a shadow? Is your psychic friend open to answering more questions? It sounds like you're able to see spirits the same way I'm able to!  When did this start for you?  For me it's been as long as I can remember.  It's just really exciting to meet someone who sees spirits in the same manner!

After I took an interest in this ability and started welcoming and allowing it, the next thing to come were visions.  So basically, the spirit will let me see a memory of theirs or some event that took place in their life.  Sometimes the spirit will appear as if they are physically there; so not transparent at all.  That doesn't happen too too often though Could it be their guide?

Like, I sometimes see something similar, but as a translucent sphere/circle, that disappears when I focus on it (intentional or not). I asked my mom, who is very knowledgeable about these matters, and she told me its someone who's thinking about me/ wants to know how I'm doing, if I'm alright. Idk though, just food for thought lmao I don’t. But people see/feel spirits differently. Guides that accompany all persons. You describe this perfectly! I see the exact same thing, it started a year ago. I never knew what this was and thought it was auras but ways felt it might be something more. I see the outline of the aura but then the person is almost behind them or on their side if that makes sense? They can be in different colours like white, blue , green or purple.

Sometimes i thought am I staring at the person too long then I'm maybe seeing the outline of the person. But then the transparent human will have outlines of different hair or a beard than the person and I know for certain it's something different. Amazing that you see the same, I would love to learn more about this lol It's always funny when some one comes up with the same theory that has always existed and tries to put their own 'unique' spin on it.

Buddy old pal. The first principle of hermetics, one of the oldest philosophies in written history is, The All is Mind and the mind(personal) is apart of The All, but the mind is not The All. -Kybalion

I suggest you quit making up theories and find yourself in a bookshop with a couple real old books that provide a better description than you can with your lacking perspective. And don't get me wrong the only reason I say that is because you're guessing at ideas that have already been hypostulated publicly. There is alot you are missing, and alot you are short coming with but only because of a lack of perspective.

Like any book that documents pshycical research from the first half of the 20th century. But my personal favorite was "The Science Behind Miracles" -Max Freedom Long who documented the Hawaiian Kahunas. 

What you are trying to do is take an old thing that has already been scientifically looked at and you're trying to make yourself 'okay' with it's mere possibility. One doesn't take a biologists word for salt and just reinvent biology. You go off what we already know. Maybe they are your ancestors and you’re merely perceiving them as old people. For me the people usually express some type of mood, so maybe you’re feeling like your old, relatable Seek inside for your own answers to these questions. Only you can decipher the way you project meaning and identity on to your experiences. Maybe it's a sign you need to be more wise in your Outlook or decision making maybe.  Look at how you feel when you see them and what thoughts come to mind, try to hold the first impressions you receive as the mind quickly tries to rationalise what your seeing.
Ask yourself in your mind what does this mean and see what comes to mind Could be your ancestral spirits. You don't have to have known them in this life time/incarnation. Free will is a truth as are influence over others or consequences of choices, you could even believe that your mind is getting ready for the future instead or simply in the present, but its only what i think. I will tell you that I own three cats and they usually leave birds, snakes, lizards and the occasional rat at the entrance of my house. I think maybe some cat brought it to your house. did you check if there was any other ingredient in the rat? Have strange or unpleasant things happened to you as a result of this? A lot of times people are open to suggestion. As a hypnotist……one thing I can say is emotions increase suggestibility. You only noticed supposed actions after they told you and if you consider fear is a strong emotion it made the suggestion stick. I would block the person immediately and say to myself the words and actions of others have no effect on me….and I am healthy. I am happy…etc I completely echo what u/davidle3 said. 

The power of suggestion is extremely powerful. And as a long practising witch, I can honestly tell you that casting spells to harm others takes an awful lot more than that. You haven’t been cursed or hexes, but the suggestion was put to you that you had and now your brain is making connections and assumptions to validate that belief. Block this person, what they’re doing is childish at best. You don’t owe them a thing and you don’t need to be afraid, you’re absolutely fine. Block and forget them. Yes, that is your energy body.

You moved your assemblage point ("AP").

;-) Was your eyes opened or closed. I usually close my eyes while meditating and I see weird colors and like the darkness behind my eyes has depth to it. Most humans have auras that are blueish like that! Instead of blocking out energy or “shielding yourself” a wise human once told me to work on separating which emotions are yours and which aren’t. Sometimes you know, sometimes it’s harder to distinguish, but the trick is to take that energy and instead of processing the emotion AS your own, use it for something as you would with your own emotions. You have the gift (and all superpowers can also be curses depending on how you use it) of energy. Energy likes you. Use it for something good. 

For ex use your dads bad mood energy to either create something useful or use YOUR energy to override (or help if u want) his mood instead of using his energy to override yours. 

Hope this makes sense! You’ll get the hang of it :) and it won’t be such a curse to you when you do! Blocking others energy out is necessary in certain situations when it’s not the right time to use your fun superpower, but other times, try and actually use it! And then even just walking into a room will change the whole vibe as well as how people feel..aka literally lighting up the room with your energy! You need to learn how to [ground, center, and shield](https://aflourishingsoul.com/complete-guide-grounding-centering-shielding/).  They're psychic and energy techniques that should be practiced together (at the same time).  Doing this will give you a "buffer" to not feel other people's feelings so directly.  Part of you may still be aware that over there someone is upset, but you won't need to run that emotional energy through your own system. As I’ve gotten older I allow fewer opportunities for disruption. Crowds can overwhelm.  Enjoy your youth, but if the crowds take too much shielding, you may find you want to use your energies elsewhere. We have an article in the sub WIKI about meditation that covers blocking and shielding too, essential self-care for anyone IMHO. See if that helps? 

https://www.reddit.com/r/Psychic/wiki/index/faq?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf While there are some drawbacks to being an empath. There are also positive aspects. 
Hang out with positive people and you'll find their energy will pick you up.
Go to concerts where they play the type of music you like. That will uplift you. Crowds with high positive energy are beneficial so personal development seminars or spiritual groups.

Sometimes you can transmute energy to make it more palatable for you or simply to neutralize it.
This is an additional tool besides grounding, centering and shielding. Use a shield. You said you are young and this is can be a hard time for empaths because you get bombarded. When I was young I started using a projected image of a bright shining gold cross.  I would visualize it in my mind and push it out in front of me.  It helped to keep negative energies away. 

My sister, also an empath uses a thick bubble of air.  It can be whatever you like and whatever you can put your own energy into to work as a shield.  

It gets easier with time,  but I remember being young and feeling everyone around me, their feelings knowing they weren't mine bur still experiencing them.  I feel for you,  but empathy is a good gift to have and I think becoming rarer in this world.

Keep developing it. Drink up lmao. Tbh 🍺🍺🍺 RESPONSIBLY THOUGH. Eat junk food. Watch violent movies. Focus on money. Watch influencers on instagram. Be nasty to people. Be selfish. Focus in your appearance. Drink alcohol excessively. Avoid going into nature. IME you can't really stop being psychic but you can buffer yourself so you aren't projecting your energy.  You need to looking into shielding practices (grounding, centering, and shielding).  


Also, it sounds like you have a lot of anxiety about other people and how they think about you.  How other people is really not your problem.  You may want to look into various ways to address your anxiety and build up your boundaries.  Don't take responsibility for how other people feel. Is it possible that people are sending you texts to check in because you’re projecting anxiety and insecurity? Projecting is not the same as sending telepathic thoughts, but other people 100% feel it, it’s a part of our social structure, but it’s not necessarily a healthy practice. If you’re grounded and secure in yourself then other people will pick up on that and start responding to you in those ways, but if they sense anxiety and insecurity it’s only natural for them to ask if you’re okay. have been there.. recently I got that feeling when someone was dead.. they are not so close but I remembered them .. then I got a call that she passed away.. I was terrified and felt numb.. I didn't feel nothing.. I accepted the gift So you keep having this feeling and then people end up dying? Mt grandmother told me that this would be the last time I saw her alive. I tried to make it back up there. When I got in town,  she passed away from COVID-19 and no visitors allowed. 

My aunt had never told me she loved me but the very last time I saw her, she was walking out of my room and paused, looked at me and told me she loved me. 

2 people I know knew they were going to die hours before they did. I think, depending on your connection to the cosmos,  people can feel something is going to happen.. It always rains on them days for me I started noticing it when the first person passed for me at a young age..... something extremely weird happen with one my friends I was at work and I stopped in my steps and felt different I can't explain it  but I was worried and confused but I knew something was wrong I was on here and tryin figure out this app and boom my friend I put so much into as she did me was missing idk when I was worried when I stopped she did flash every possible person that feeling was different all I can remember is ILOVE YOU moe I experience the exact same thing! 

It’s bizarre but I understand completely, it’s exactly as you said it - that overwhelming gut feeling you’ll never see that person again. Not a dress, not a bad feeling, not a knowing they’re going to pass (although after it happening a few times, you KNOW that’s what it means) not a when, or how, you just know. 

I can’t offer much advice except to say to listen to it. I don’t know when, or how but it’s happened enough now for me to know what it means. I can’t warn them, I mean warn them of what exactly?! so now I take the opportunity I was given just to tell them how much they mean to me, that I appreciate them and I love them. With some people it’s been days before they pass, but others it’s been a few weeks. Either way, I haven’t ever seen them again after I’ve had that insight, so I’ve made that last meeting a good one. It’s all you really can do. I experience this, too. It sounds like you’re tapped into that current. Ever consider psychopomp work? Maybe your state of least resistance and manner of processing export from the information you get is just unfamiliar and uncommon? Okay.... when I began channeling my guides as a teen, the same things happened to me,  and I feel that is pretty normal when starting out.  As I have grown older, instead of concentrating on my closed eyes, I moved my focus up to my third eye, and that really helped with the eye fatigue and jumping.  Feel the energy entering your third eye and exiting through the base of your skull.

Also, I strongly suggest that you ask specifically to speak to your guides, rather than a random benevolent being.  Your guides are there for YOU, and once you get familiar with them, bring them through before you channel other beings.  They will act as a buffer between you and beings that might not have good intentions. I’m a musician and writing music is a form of channeling. I always see it as a sort of crowded moving sidewalk. There’s lots of people on the sidewalk and you have to not only figure out how to safely jump onto the moving sidewalk but you also have to learn how to balance and stay on the moving sidewalk. I’ve found that ritual is the easiest way to get on board. Beyond that it’s a matter of practice and learning how to manage the physical aspects of your body whether that’s writing, playing music etc. while channeling. I used to mess up recordings all the time because when I would come out of channeling I would be disoriented and not know where I was in the song. After years of practice, now I can move in and out of channeling without skipping a beat. This stuff takes time so be patient and keep practicing! I think it kind of starts off like that. Channeling kind of reminds me of a muscle. I was only better at it than when I continue to practice. And now I can do it pretty much anywhere at any time. But when I first started out over 15 years ago it was definitely a harder thing to do. It sounds like you might be getting nervous or anxious which might lead to losing contact. You would probably need to work on that. Synchronicity is a very trippy and real thing. Because all humans are born with psychic ability some are more meant for it than others and they have more natural ability and that's you. I'm not sure that would be precognition but things in the world are working the same as they always have you're just more psychically awake now. It's a natural inevitable process, part of your soul's evolution I think. Precognition There's no such thing as reality. We’re just all evolving as one. Normal. It might take a bit to get used to, but you will. I have flash visions of the future. It’s instantaneous. I’m somewhere else (or sometimes in the exact same spot, but ahead in time). I don’t even realize what’s going on until I come back into normal time, similar to falling asleep, and dreaming, except I’m standing up. They have come to pass before. I don’t know if all of them are this lifetime kind of things. Based on one I’ve had in particular, I hope not. Hang in there. Well hopefully that’s not a vision of the future! Lol

This sounds like your minds way of processing the intense emotions of a situation that is too overwhelming for just your body to process. It sounds like you had an intense emotional fear of what could happen that was instantly triggered when roe was overturned. 

So when there’s too much info for your mind to process at a normal rate and too many complex emotions for your body to process at a normal rate and they’re happening at the same time, sporadic glimpses of both informations coming together may be your minds way of processing info double time while also keeping you relatively sane.

In psych, they may assume that this is a hallucination, but these types of hallucinations are necessary for your mind and body to stay in sync when it comes to info and emotions.

Your body’s physical responses (sweating, smelling the smoke) is 100% typical in a hallucination or, “vision.” Buddhists are able to lower their body temperature for example if they are that in tune with their mind..kind of like switching to a temporary conscious way of communicating with your body. It’s usually mastered by years of mediation, but it seems like you are an Empath who is able to jump into situations that your mind comes up with as a way of processing info and emotions (how u feel) which comes to life for you through ur senses.

Why? Bc your body and mind need an outlet for these things. Information overload can spark this glimpse or vision. Now whether it’s actually the future? Guess we’ll wait and find out. You may have some sort of ESP happening in there that is preparing you for something LIKE that, but most likely it’s not exactly the vision you saw or consciously experienced. But usually, something even if it’s just the emotion the vision was based on, tends to be a prediction that comes true ha go with the flow <3 i learned from a tarot teader, anxiety is usually a repetitive thought and a stressful kinda intimidating thought. intuition is a peaceful inner voice that is hear to guide you, so it’s a clear calm voice. so anxiety makes you anxious, your inner voice does not I've heard the saying "anxiety screams, intuition whispers".  Obviously not applicable in all scenarios but I try to keep it in mind. What I do when in doubt,  I breathe deeply,  get as relaxed as I can without fully meditating,  and if I still feel it, it's intuition. 

Anxiety is caused by stress,fears,etc... when you relax enough,  you shouldn't feel anxious. Your intuition is light tap on the door, and your anxiety/fear is a bang on the door For me, intuition feels 'complete' while anxiety feels like I have to think about it more than twice. Intuition you just know it without knowing why you know it, even if there's anxiety involved. While anxiety you're not sure if you know, you have to guess if you know it, or not. It sounds like your intuition is causing you anxiety merely from overthinking it. You’re sending signals telling your body that your intuition is a danger. Try working on calming your anxiety first and foremost before delving deeper in intuition building. This would include, shadow work, talk therapy, adjust diet, getting grounded / centered in your body with exercise. For me, by practicing mindfulness meditation. You learn to hear the difference in "pitch" of your inner voice/monologue. It did not happen overnight for me. My inner anxiety voice tends to be in first person. My intuition voice is in second or third person, more observational, and much quieter. When I ignore anxiety voice, consequences are generally neutral or non existent. When I ignore intuition voice, consequences are generally negative. Anxiety is draining. Like it exhausts you. Intuition is more of a “knowing”. 

I’ve been asking myself that exact question myself for months now. I’m only just getting it too. Fear is restrictive. It's a what if. It's a negotiation. It's control oriented. It's rooted in the past or future. Think root Chakra/ tribe rules. Anxiety keeps you safe in comfort. Talks at you in warning. 

Intuition is expansion. A binary yes/ no. Stay/ go. Freedom. Truth in the present moment. Consistent knowing. Intuition tells you to move 1 step forward. Talks with you in assurance. From my perspective:

I've found that when I'm anxious, my thoughts feel intrusive, almost cruel. And they nag. They don't stop. I can feel it in my whole body -- my chest, my tummy will turn over, I'll even shake. Something I've learned greatly over the last couple of years is that even seemingly "good" events or thoughts will cause these reactions -- it feels like an adrenaline rush, but it doesn't stop. When the event passes, I feel so work out physically, even if the outcome turns in my favor. 

Anxiety is bred from fear, both subconscious and conscious; both acknowledged and unacknowledged.

When it's intuition, it's less of a thought and more of sense of radical acceptance, suddenly and without preempt. I don't have to argue with the notion, it just *is* -- the same way water is just wet, the way fire is hot, the way the sky is blue, the way rain falls from clouds. As a species, we now know why those things exist the way they do, but before the phenomena was understood, it was simply accepted as *is*. I don't feel the negative physical affects in my physical body, but I do feel a something -- like that sense of giving in, or even the relief you would have when you're very tired and lean up against something stable and sturdy. 

Intuition is knowing without having been given or found the knowledge. 

That being said, there are times where they can feel eerily similar, but for me, the trick is to clear your mind.  If I can do so fairly easily, and without negative bodily effects I trust it as intuition, but if my central nervous system has no chill, it's anxiety and I need to find the root so I can understand why I'm having an internal meltdown. Physically you feel anxiety in your head, and intuition in your gut. Anxiety is rooted in fear and trusting our guts is scary, so, honestly, you’re probably feeling both. The magic happens when you’re able to overcome the anxiety, trust your intuition and fall into flow. Our intuition doesn’t always sound rational so our rational mind will panic if you’re not ready to go there. I heard before that anxiety often speaks to you in a form it’s addressing you, as in “You are awful and no one likes you” whereas intuition speaks more objectively as in “This situation is dangerous” or “That person is not safe.” The only truth I can speak to that is my own; when I actually listen to the thoughts closely it is indeed actually how it sounds. Intuition speaks to the situation, anxiety puts you at the centre or cause of it. i kinda use all of it as a chance to manifest whichever things i do want to happen and almost willing the bad things into remaining simply anxieties that never come to physicality Man talk about a shot in the dark. Dunno why you're asking anyone here 😂

No one here will be able to answer your question very well, I hate to say it, but with intuition it really comes down to practice and observation.

You'll never know if a dream win come true until it does!

I'd say try to meditate more to get yourself more aware of your surroundings and other than that good luck and pay close attention to your gut feelings and if they end up being true or not Intuition is a less severe emotion, anxiety feels so heavy, so when I feel like I’m losing control of my body I know it’s anxiety because it’s too intense and dark. 

Intuition feels lighter, more fun, more interesting, more dreamy. It’s a more pleasant feeling. Like waiting to get on your favorite ride at Disney. I like to differentiate them like I would textures that I can physically feel. Intuition feels to me like a solid piece of tree bark in my hands; kind of rough, but unique and just is. In comparison, anxiety feels like trying to give a squirrel a bath, that absolutely doesn't want a bath. For me they feel different. I have anxiety going into a bad situation. Feels like butterflies in my stomach. My intuition telling me something is wrong feels like electricity going from my head to my toes, making the hair on my neck and arms stand up straight. 

I'm probably not explaining well, but they have two very different feelings for me. Because intuition just comes to you,  like being already "known" and there is no anxiety behind it. I get premonition grieving, I hate it it is disgusting and I cannot switch it off, I never know who it is going to be I have to sit it out. I do everything in my power not to think about it and it will not go away. Sorry to storm. your post but do you/does anyone know of how I can get rid of it any techniques. I have it now. I cannot live my life like this anymore, it's disturbing. Thank you for this discussion. I have often wondered about the same things. Anxiety is fear based and our divine intuition is love based. My anxiety and my intuition ( gut feeling ) are definitely connected I have reoccurring déjà vu I can dream about a person that will some time soon I will meet, once in that moment I am just some how already recognize the present moment . Anxiety starts in the mind, intuition starts in the body. Stop thinking about the people around you. You send them a message and you make them think of you. Not thinking frees both you and those around you. In this way, you will not be sleep deprived, and so will those around you. We have a few articles in the sub WIKI that may help! 

This one is from the FAQ. It starts by talking about meditation (including cleansing, blocking & shielding) then talks about how to meet your spirit guides for beginners.

https://www.reddit.com/r/Psychic/wiki/index/faq?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf

The other articles is from the ‘best of’ section, but is another on how to meet your guides. 

https://www.reddit.com/r/Psychic/comments/76lobf/how_to_contact_your_spirit_guide/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf

Hope they help some Read the seven types of spirit guides by Yamile Yemoonyah. You can ask your guide to step into your auric field during a meditation and feel their energy. Step 1: get some foil

Step 2: you’re going to need exactly 5 sheets of paper

Step 3: origami fold the one piece of paper into a boat

Step 4…

Step 37: after you have completed the fire ritual then proceed to repeat steps 7-12 and then go to step 38.

Step 38…

Jk

In the spirit world it should be enough to focus the mind on something and they will get the call. Just talk to yourself, it’s the same thing. The voice you hear inside of you is you. There is a lot to learn.  <3 i would recommend these to start your learning journey:
Bian Weiss -> youll learn about the spirituality In a modern world
Helen wambach -> she's out of print. But if you can get life before life you ll learn more about reincarnation and life choices
Robert Monroe ->now we get to training.  There are many records uploaded on his obe season from the Monroe institute, so they are free to download anda great way to start.
Lobsang rampa -> these have knowledge a bit more hidden but they are there 

The hardest thing i have found of being an empath is to control strong feelings not yours.  All the negative feelings are strong and hard to control.  In my case, my father was also a violent man so i "have that bug" and that makes me easier to snap with them. 

However equally negative is sadness, desperation, depression etc Do your ground center and shield? Youtube can teach all three. Then do a practice while shielding and grounding. After sending your energy to the earth's core and calling it back up. do this. Pause the energy at each chakra. Begin at the root chakra and move up to the sacral, etc. 
Feel the energy of the chakra expand and let it spin. As each chakra spins, and the light in it and energy in it expands, observe it. A blocked chakra will not expand and open. So when you reach a blocked one, you will notice it does not expand it tries to remain smaller. Spend extra time pulling energy into that chakra. 

Know it may not work the first time. So move on up if there is resistance.

Depending on the reasons for the blockage inner child work may be needed. For example, I had a terrible block in my heart chakra where we store our grief. Work had to be done to release and heal that chakra.

We store worry in our root chakra, sexual trauma on our sacral chakras and etc.

Be patient. It happens over time, through confronting and healing that inner child in each area.

You may notice a popping sensation and a sound when the chakra first opens again, and a sense of joy that follows.

Some spiritual people recommend decalcifying your pineal gland with a change of diet. I can only tolerate so much in the way of dietary change myself. Veganism is not for all of us. It might help you. You can try it.

There are other things you can do. This is a place to start.

I find that doing this activity at a beach, in the actual surf, is helpful to me. It is the salt water and the grounding that I find of great use. If you know you’ve had past traumas then start there. When you begin a trauma healing journey your senses will wake up the more and more you heal. Getting in touch with yourself and being open and *honest* with yourself opens the third eye. [removed] "Am I crazy?" is a natural question for psychic input.   In particular, it is the Pineal gland / third eye that interprets things we feel yet cannot see.

You might find some reassurance studying chakras, remote viewing, and remote healing.  All of these things are known to exist, and have been duplicated by many people.  The CIA, Military, and Police have all been known to use a method called controlled remote viewing.

No, I don't think you are crazy. Hi there, I was you at one time! I’m turning 25 this year, but I was once the 16 year old girl who questioned my reality. 

Number one, you aren’t crazy! Believe yourself when you receive these messages. You already have the evidence to back it up. 

I saw you said you need help, so number two (my biggest piece of advice to you) is learning how to turn the dial up and down, how to turn it off, and how to shield yourself from unwanted messages. 

There’s a ton online that can help you, but a quick practice that I use is this: I start by closing my eyes and telling spirit that I’m not available right now. Then, I imagine slamming a door shut and locking up multiple industrial locks on the door with a key. Sometimes this works once, sometimes I have to do it a few times/shut multiple imaginary doors until I feel the messages turning off. Alternatively, I do the inverse when I’m ready to turn it back on. 

Hope this offers some guidance and helps to tackle your intuitive gifts a bit. Much love. Sorry, I just need help Not crazy at all. Just gifted. Try adopting a meditation practice! It can help you work on your gifts. And if you ever feel overwhelmed or anxious from it, practice grounding or channel your root chakra. Not crazy at all. Learn your gift and how to protect yourself. We are all as unique as our fingerprints and so are our gifts. You're absolutely not crazy. I find its a very normal (and regular) question I ask myself. A small dose of skepticism is healthy, in my book, because sometimes things that have happened really could just be mundane. However, your experience with your best mate sounds the opposite of mundane, and very interesting. 

You can probably practice that with people if you want (and they are okay with it), it sounds like you have an amazing talent there. And again, no, you're not crazy. Best of luck OP. I predict stuff without knowing, I start doing a vengeful thing, but I stop at the middle , because of regrets( I’m doing wrong thing), but at the end people still kill me, and I do regret that I didn’t listen to my instinct. 

Yes we can blame our 3 rd eye, because we can’t have a clear view of the things, meditation, self education, calm and correct breathing. Will make you’re “instinct” be more clear and wise. Only people who call you crazy are crazy. You are gifted, and it only gets better from here. I won’t say that it’s an easy journey having these abilities, as I am on the same path. But it’s a very eye-opening journey and it’s a lot of fun. You get to see things that a lot of people close themselves off too. This is truly a gift. Never think of it as a burden, this gift is here to help you grow and help other people. You should be proud of yourself for not shutting yourself off completely to it. Professional Reader here. Totally normal. **NOT** crazy. Empathic and Claircognizant would be my guess. Claircogs can do a little of everything. 



Wait til you can hear people's thoughts in their heads. That shit will trip you the fuck out first few times. Lol



Congrats! I would also like to mention that, IMHO it's always important a strong set of beliefs: call or religion or belief.  So that you can't get shaken, tampered or manipulated with >the weird thing was like i could almost turn on and off this “ringing tuning up a radio sound” i could also feel it in my ears turning on and off

I'm a lifelong skeptic/physicalist who started earnestly exploring spirituality about a year ago, and this year, for the first time in my life, I've been experiencing the radio static thing too. Very infrequently, but it has already led to a near-OBE for me on one occasion.

Interestingly, the last couple of times it's happened, I've also been able to switch it on and off. It's fascinating! It only ever happens to me first thing in the morning if I get the chance to start drifting back off to sleep (which, as the mum of a toddler, I don't get very often!). But it definitely sounds like we're both experiencing the same phenomenon! I’ve been having these too! With the spirituality- I believe that there’s a greater power out there and I’d like to help the people around me and find peace. Good luck to you! It sounds like you’re clairaudient, you can probably also do automatic writing since your hand was vibrating.

Research these two abilities and give yourself some time to learn. Good luck with your communications It's entities communicating with you. They use the ringing to tell you you're not losing your mind or get your attention. Try asking who they are. You don't need to speak out loud. You're experiencing them speaking to you through telepathy.  Sometimes headphones with music on can help differentiate the telepathy from auditory sounds. Just wait until you can hear the rotation of the earth, then go listen to space recordings of it.. it's a trip.

Welcome to the world of extra-sensory 😅 recently i’ve had this, everyday almost every moment. but the other stranger thing i’ve noticed is the amount of people that are experiencing the same thing. as ir it were an awakening of some sort. oor something else, like 5G towers or the vax. im 100% sure its spiritual tho because each time i get to control the ringing and frequency of it, i feel and see a presence around me. like a spirit. anyone else?? Yes the radio omg it’s annoying. Coincidentally, I just awkwardly told my group of cousins that their father (my 1st cousin) had made it through. Awkward because he passed away by suicide in 2015… but I wanted to tell them because I was so proud. 

I’ll try (so hard) not to ramble, but about *20* years ago I saw a Medium and we ended the session because we weren’t connecting. I couldn’t bridge who he was possibly talking about.. a man with two young girls, a new wife, takes his life and is “not in hell, but essentially stuck in the coat room outside heaven.. like a big party is going on but they’re in time out under the staircase” (o..k, wtf?) Anyway, this and many other examples fell flat regardless of how detailed he was… because he was reading the future spirit of people still alive!

As whacked as that is, his example made a lot of sense to the same thing you’re saying and the same way I’ve parted with energies too. In making my own connections, I would communicate with him from a different place than those ‘above’. It was as if he was in the next room. Then he was gone - and I blamed myself for being too busy/stressed, etc. There was silence for about three weeks, until my uncle passed away at 95. His brilliant turquoise energy was ‘up’ and dancing around the same day he passed (which was weird and strange for me!) and after a few days I asked him to check on my cousin. As if he was the same old uncle hiding a quarter behind a kids ear, the blue light faded before bursting back alongside a leaf-green fireworks, a color I hadn’t seen before. (If you’re still reading, I have a normal life and job and recognize how insane I sound). I knew immediately that it was my cousin. The bursts of light were the such an undeniable presence. I looked around, rubbed my eyes, cried, and it went on for 30 minutes. I don’t have a ton of stories like this, I’d say it’s in my top 5 of “holy shit this is really happening, huh?” 

I had hardly a fraction of that level of connection since March, and in a way, has reinforced the idea that it was salute of sorts. Like hey, thanks for the thoughts and prayers, I made it. (lol) Thinking of something sounds very like Claircognisance. It’s certainly the way I experience it, although we’re all different. I get a random thought unconnected to whatever I was doing or thinking at the time in a very calm emotionless almost matter of fact way, Sounds like dream precognition. I have a different question do you have masters or spiritual guides? I talk to mine sometimes in my dreams. someone recommended me this on this sub last week.. i have the same issue and i want to try to get more in touch with my abilities and have heard meditation works wonders but being anxious too is hard for me to put it in practice and wanted tips on how to do it.

“i would recommend mindfulness meditation to start. it seems like one of the harder ones but it was the most influential in my experience. essentially set a timer, start for say 3 minutes, and practice sitting in silence watching your thoughts. the goal is to watch your thoughts- try not to dive into them or start thinking about them. detach from them. let them pass. listen to what’s happening around you. feel yourself breath. be as present as possible. if you find yourself latching onto a thought and thinking about something, simply let it go and come back to the present. it can be hard at first and feel very uneasy, but doing this daily will quite literally change your life. the awareness you gain from this meditation allows you to feel, see, and hear psychic messages more often and more clearly. try it for at least a week and see if letting your thoughts pass without latching onto them gets easier. if so, up your time. if not, lmk and i’ll give you some other tips.” You need rituals/a ritual that will give you:
- grounding
- protection
- charging

Find or create one that resonates with you and aim to do it everyday. 

You also need a systematic way to explain and understand the experiences you are having. Do you believe the soul is part of the self or seperate? Do you believe the future is determined or flexible? Do you think these messages come from an outside source or an internal one? Answering these questions then testing them will give you more confidence in what you are experiencing. 

I'd also suggest therapy or another sort of mental health service to work on any traumas if you feel you have any buried deep within. Trauma is like sticky gunk on a tuning fork, a small amount is okay but even a little can lower your vibration and effect the clarity of what you receive. Clearing trauma is always advised in psychic work. Could be a mix of both. Not unusual. Most importantly I hope you learned to shield and set boundaries. Don’t automatically obey every spirit who talks to you. It’s ok to defy them. My intuition comes in as my thoughts. I have the same thing happen where I'll wake up, and I'll just know, and I'll think "Someone's about to knock on the door, they're coming in."

I think its like, we receieve divine knowledge from a higher power, and we translate it into our thoughts. Do you trust the voice? Does it make you feel scared? 

I've learned to seperate all my thoughts, good and bad. If there was a negative entity speaking to me, I'd know right away it was negative and those thoughts would get sent straight to the junk bin. But 9 times out 10, it is in fact just my higher self. I’ve had this same thing happen only a few times. It’s a voice in my head that is not mine. I’ve felt like each time it’s been my spirit guide. It happened the moment I got pregnant, I heard “your life is going to change forever”. Looking back it did, I ended up going through a rare diagnosis and miscarriage at 14 weeks. Before going into the hospital I was worked up and really nervous. I heard in my head 3 different times “you need to be brave” and it actually calmed me down. I could tell this was not coming from me. Strangest sensation… If you haven't been doing work to connect with your guides, it may be time to start that.  Most of the time I approach them to talk, in meditation and occasionally in dreams, but every once in a while they do get on the internal PA system like this.  Particularly with that "don't get up", if I heard that it would probably mean I was right on the edge of the appropriate meditative state to connect and communicate but my ADHD's got me popping up out of it to do some random thing. You can be both actually. I know some pretty neurotic psychics lol. We are only human. Perhaps you can try meditation to achieve a calmer state. Deep breathing exercises may help too. When you are able to control your anxiety and frustration you should be able to hear your intuition better. I think we are all psychic, to varying degrees. It's more a matter of recognizing and analyzing those messages for keys and then having confidence in the message. I've had psychic experiences my entire life.  Mostly in the form of prophetic dreams and I absolutely cannot control this gift. I've heard voices too but usually I wasn't able to make out words. I got to the point where I ignore the mumbling noise. It is usually so minimal that it doesn't warrant my time or emotion. I feel like your spirit guide responded while also letting you know they don't appreciate being "commanded" to do parlor tricks. Maybe next time humbly ask them for a hug 🥰❤️ I do this when I really really need it and I always feel their weight wrap around me I do not think a guide would touch you on command.  Your guides would not ever hurt you either. If anything hurt you, it could have been another type of entity. Unfortunately there isn't good without the bad. 

I suggest having a reiki session to clear stagnant energy around you and align your chakras. Then search for a guided meditation on YouTube. With practice and patience, you will be able to communicate with the other side. I would say to start with trying to communicate with your spirit animal totem to start. They are always with you. Was there anything special about your sitting/laying position? Could this have been caused one way or another? Where was your mental focus? Was your mind in your hand as you asked certain things? I can make myself ache with certain thoughts. You've been smote for your wickedness. Your guides are evil and that arm will rot and eventually fall off. 

What do you people actually think??? Do you WANT to be terrorized by your higher power? So hard to tell if you people aren't trolling.

Your arm was probably completely unrelated. Your guides won't interact on the physical plane, you have to BELIEVE, and LISTEN that's the point. They probably don't appreciate being commanded to touch you, that's weird. The first one is a healer, plain and simple, but that's not really how things work ... unless that's how you want to play it.  I can't say you won't have some unexpected repercussions from it.  You do you.

The second is what every person practicing with these energies should be doing, which is to create wards and/or shields.  

Being a healer is more "specialized," so to speak, but only because to be extremely efficient and effective, you need a long time to develop the skills.  I don't mean necessarily in one lifetime but rather in real terms.  A person who is a highly skilled healer has developed those skills on a path as part of their soul development. 

It appears that you're thinking about becoming a sort of paranormal dynamic duo, am I right? 

Resources can be found within.  You have to learn what's there before you go anywhere outside. It's called being a "projective Empath".  It's not rare but not as common as receptive empathic ability. What you describe as the opposite of an empath, is exactly how I experience empathy. I don't just "absorb" the energy, I *transmute* it and send it back as light. 


As for the ability to expand your energy outward in a protective way, I'm not sure it's a separate ability. I've only experienced this a few times, but it only happens when I am in immediate danger and I seem to do it automatically without any need for effort. It's like my energy pushes outward from me in all directions and NOTHING can enter it. Almost like an impenetrable force field around yourself. You can pull another being directly into this field, for their protection as well. Each time I have done this outward push of energy, I have felt compelled to get the eff out of dodge immediately after. To me, it feels more like an escape method, not a battle method. Wow! I sure wish I were YOU.
F! I'd LOVE to be you! 
🤯😭🤯🫂🤯😭🤯❗❗❗❗❗❗❗

Well, I HAVE heard of this, and it HAD a name, but this was like back in the 80's when I was a little kid and it was from entertainment; so as for complete correctness, not so much I figure.

I gotta ask how did this happen? Were you BORN like this, Meditate your way into this? Have an NDE or something? Honestly you could be! I’m not sure if you’ve heard of this term, but it seems like you’re having prophetic dreams. I tend to get them once in a blue moon, but definitely start keeping a dream journal and writing down these dreams, that’s what I do There's a funny concept in Kdramas, which may or may not be part of their culture (I have no idea) that your ancestors can send you those winning lottery numbers.  See Mystic Pop-up Bar on Netflix.  It was amusing.

Start meditating and keeping a journal of these things.  I wish I had but I'm now four decades in and haven't got the patience for such things.  Fortunately, I'm blessed with a rather great memory so it's only a loss if I should be asked for proof.  Fortunately again, I don't care to prove anything to anyone else. It's just this innate, certain feeling. Hard to describe. You just know. But if you are confused or have doubts then that's not your intuition. It's a conviction. [deleted] i get a hunch then read body language and think and then get this gut feeling like something isn’t right or i get this moon energy like theres things that haven’t been revealed yet It feels like clarity, like clean water. 
Sometimes I feel it in my fingers. I'll get a pain and know. 
Other times I think a spirit is screaming at me "No" and I hear it. I feel it as a counter/clockwise flow of movement in my heart chakra Body. Yes makes my heart beat faster, no feels like a void. Like an epiphany the vast majority of the time. The answer 'pops' into my mind and I'm instantly sure of its correctness. 

I have at times, also had a physical sensation right above my left ear. Thanks for sharing, guys! 💕 The feeling I get for confirmation is  a“ stop you in your tracks” feeling. It’s almost as if a cop is saying stop right there & you stop. I also am clairaudient, so I can hear yes or no from spirit or my guides. But they also show me the  “why” part as well. The “why” is followed by a message or a visual for me. 

For instance, if someone asks “Will my ex-boyfriend come back?”
I will hear a “No” & then feel a sensation that’s a gut feeling or the “stop you in track feeling” to confirm the  “No”. I will ask “yes” & I will hear “No” again and that gut feeling comes back again to confirm. 

After that, the reason why will appear and I will get a vision of the situation or spirit says something and I also feel the emotions of the people while the vision or message is being given to me simultaneously. Now I’m insanely curious…what is this thing Are you looking for someone to take it off your hands anywhere ? Or are you just looking for recommendations of occult museums that can take it of your hands that aren’t overseas? If it has specific cultural significance maybe even a history museum may look after it In my experience any psychic I have gone to has told me that their reading is what will happen IF I continue on the same path, making the same choices, don’t change anything, etc. Our actions have consequences. I think this was more of a warning to your boyfriend that he needs to take his physical and mental health seriously and work on figuring out those issues. I think him choosing to ignore these issues is the current path he is on that will lead him to this “early death”. The outcome is not set in stone depending on the action he takes. Of course that is just my opinion and my belief on the way predictions work but it’s something I’ve heard from others with that gift as well. On a side note I think it was pretty shitty of that lady to word it so terribly bluntly and could have just warned him of his health. My sister got a psychic reading almost two years ago that said she would be in a car accident, in April 2022. That would've been last month. Guess who's just fine. Lol.

Don't ever let anyone project death or major illness, onto you. That's no good psychic. That's someone who needs to learn to see brightness in their own future. Sounds like this person has some pretty poor boundaries. I'm sorry your boyfriend is going through it. You, too. Pretty fucked up, in my opinion! Pardon the language. Can't say I'm crazy about your friend's mother. Once boundaries got out the window, you can't trust a thing that a person says.

Source: Someone who has given psychic readings for years, and has met many, many talented, ethical readers :\^) I've also met some people with terrible boundaries, jeez, who I wouldn't recommend to anybody... Definitely consult a medical doctor but I also recommend seeing a skilled reiki / quantum healer to address the "pain" on an energetic plane. All things, as vibration, exist in more subtle dimensions before they manifest in 3D. This is very general advice so please take w a grain of salt. But if he were to address this immediately (!) there could be progress to be made. 

Emotional healing is a very personal process so it would have to be entirely his choice. Considering he came into this world as a young child with the pain you describe, it's likely that his soul has carried it from past incarnations. It's imperative to understand that should he ignore the emotional work that needs to be addressed, it will only follow him into the next incarnation. But again, at the end of the day it is his decision. 

Everybody should learn to grow comfortable w the notion of death. Whether through a creeping illness or a sudden accident it's a fate we will all meet. We came here as souls and will leave as souls. 

The nature of love (or God) is unconditional and everlasting - it transcends space and time. It is infinitely more powerful than the fleeting fear and pain we experience during our time here. Find your peace, flow, release, forgive, and heal No tarot reader or psychic can tell someone’s death. She’s misreading the signs. Relax, take a breath and consider what the message truly meant. Not a death impending.

Source: I myself have suffered in imaginable psychological pain.  Gonna try to live a happy long life. If there is a serious concern of self harm a mental health professional would be best. It can take a while to find the right method and fit but it’s better to address this sooner than later. Any psychic that sets out to do harm in this world, or tries to change the events of Source isn't worth their salt. It's egocentric behavior. I carry psychic gifts, some people hold those dark clouds but it's not my place to say anything. I'd put undue stress on the other person and allow them to engage in an endless battle with Great Spirit. I'm not going to carry that burden. I just had heart surgery on a valve. I hand been ignoring going to the doctor for 5 years, just went year ago and they confirmed a heart disease. So, yeah, go in and get checked out. Most major fatal heart problems can be fixed with about a 1% chance of fatality, which is about the same chance you will die every year. Just take him to the hospital and see what they say about his heart and then go from there Just in case get his affairs in order and go enjoy life!!! It is our duty to share when we receive a message about someone. They may not believe you completely but maybe they go to a cardiologist (in this case). When she told him, was he apprehensive/worried, or relieved? Wait did you say he’s felt this way since 6 years old! It’s obvious that he has issues that he needs to address from a past life. When issues, feelings, and thoughts from a past life or even past lives go unresolved they can be carried on in this life and it will manifest in different ways. I high highly suggest checking past life regression and going to several past life regression therapists. I know some people think it’s impossible to regress into a past life, but even if the details of the past life you are regressing are incorrect your soul is generally pretty good at tapping into past life traumas and feelings and that’s all that matters. I remember watching a video of a lady on tiktok who does past life regression and she was working with someone who experience depression for a long long time and wasn’t responding to treatment through meds and therapy. When the lady did the past life regression it helped heal her depression and so many other anxieties she had. It helped to explain trauma she experienced in this life. 

Check on mallorie shannon’s videos on tiktok. She also does remote regression. I don’t have experience with it myself but I’d love to get a reading done on myself in the future. There’s also other people who do regression. Dr. It's pretty much all interpretations of symbols, to start with.

Also if you were paying, customers generally want to hear the ex is coming back so there is some pressure to say it.  No matter that this almost never works out in real life, is generally a terrible idea, therapists hate it, and people should move forward through their lives and not backwards, it's the answer you want.  And I don't think it's just the reader BS'ing you, I think if you're sitting there desperately wanting to hear it, you're going to affect the energy of the reading, plus you're not asking the reader to read YOU exactly, you're asking them to tell you what someone else is going to do.

And that person a) isn't there contributing their energy to the reading b) has free will.  And they have their own path they're meant to walk in life that is also generally meant to go forward and not back.

Readers are doing the best they can with what they're given to work with.  It's much easier to reach information about what has already happened, and for a lot of readers the very near future is fairly attainable.  But none of us get a written-in-stone guaranteed newsfeed from the future because the future is fungible and is entangled with so so so many threads of fate and free will - including some much bigger threads than just two random people.

I always warn people that it's a bad sign if you're asking multiple readers the same query.  It's probably time to move on from that expectation and concentrate more on how you can attract the best possible relationship for you and what to look for as signposts on that path, rather than trying to find out what one specific person is going to do. The future is not set in stone, everyone involved can change the collective path based on a ton of factors. The energies right now have everyone moving very quickly too, meaning things are even more subject to change.
(As a side, my friend, who is not a practiced psychic, got a psychic gig and the first thing she was told was “if anyone asks about their ex the answer is always yes, they’re coming back”) Life is complicated and circumstances change depends on the thing that is being predicted. Predicting future changes timelines, but that doesn't mean the same events don't happen.

For example if you(accurately) predicted a tsunami, obviously that would be set in stone (you won't change the tectonic plates). Or a certain political event. Getting sick in 2 days would be pretty set (incubation period > 2 days)But in the less extreme, people who are receiving information from a psychic are given small amounts of information that may not adequately deviate from a predicted timeline. And also you don't have control over environment even with the predictions which can be problematic

In broad general (and what seems to be the case here), you can have a lot of control by knowing the probability or elements of the future and it's best to think you can choose an optimal future path.

Additionally, a lot of people have influence on the future (either by you involving them, or them having precognition or them being influenced indirectly by your deviation in the timeline) which complicates creating a set path since everyone is involved (too complicated to fully predict).

In this case it's somewhat concerning they don't have a consistent answer and aren't pointing out the level of certainty of their answers, so most of them probably don't have a good method to determine a good answer to that question (they likely aren't seeing enough nuances in the possible timelines to give an accurate answer).

And even if they get accurate info, predicting the future is something very different so the seemingly best may be wrong.

&#x200B;

Pretty much you should take the actions you think is best

Edit: formatting When you look at a picture and describe it, you may see things someone else does not.

Think of two people looking at the same picture, and the describing it to a third (you).

Now imagine if both those people have a different set of colours they can see, which changes the entire tapestry of what they are looking at. As far as I can tell, the future is fluid. Timelines can flow beside each other, cross over at certain points, run together for a bit, and then split again. Can't really know what path you're on until the important stuff happens. I've had many similar experiences - there is one psychic who I've been seeing for years who has accurately predicted numerous events in my life (with extremely accurate details, down to names), but other things he has said have never come to fruition (or haven't come to fruition, yet). It still doesn't change my opinion that he is an extremely intuitive and accurate psychic. I think what it comes down to, is that we as human beings have free will, and multiple different paths are being presented to us all the time that we can take. So if we walk down path a, we may get result a, if we walk down path b, we might get result b, and so forth. This particular psychic (and others that I know) also see some things with a higher or lower level of energy or momentum. Meaning, the possibility of one opportunity has a great amount of energy, meaning, this is more than likely to occur, whereas other opportunities sort of flow in and out of your energy field, and you can take it if you wish, but it's not something that I would necessarily consider destined to happen, more as a potential expression of free will. We are living in an eternal now and timelines are constantly changing. Those who are more connected to spirit and have a true will and awakening are harder to predict there timelines because they know how to connect with God and change it. So far, not a single one. If they’re vague, they’re not legit. And sadly, 99.999% of psychics “selling” their services are scammers. 

Just think…if they are legit, why aren’t they already millionaires? Why do they need your $50? Why don’t they know which stocks will continuously rise?

I always test psychics with things I know. No one has even been right, except one person who I just kind of ran into and they don’t sell or advertise that they’re psychic. If you follow the testing method, a legit psychic won’t be dismissive of you. First of all, if you know the future, how do you not know the present? 

Just somethings to think about. I hope you don’t fall into this psychic scamming train. I was burned years ago. Thousands of dollars in debt. You can become addicted. I, too, started reading from general curiosity. But then I took their advice and bullshit, fake visions and ruined my life. Don’t let scammers cloud your judgment. If they were real, they’d have their life in order and wouldn’t be waiting for customers all day. There's many ways people can act predatorial towards others and "extract" from their victims to seemingly enrich themselves. I would take this warning as advice to be aware of anyone that may take advantage, emotionally, socially or financially. Google New Orleans vampires there’s a huge community there. *There are actual vampires in NOLA.* 

She could also be talking about spiritual vampires (those who want to spiritually and emotionally drain you). Likely she was talking about the real ones though. As for not being able to “see” them, she may mean that they look like ordinary people passing by. As someone who lives in New Orleans, everyone is pretty open and talkative. Which is a bit of a cultural shock at first. It takes a while to learn discernment and figure out who is just trying to manipulate you. Drinking is a big thing here and that definitely fogs the vision a bit. Once I stopped drinking I had way less vampire encounters Energy suckers man .. those are the worst !!! Energy vampires. I wonder if she sensed your dynamic in your family and that aspect of you.  I feel like we can tun from one toxic situation anx it can cone up in our lives where ever we go because there is something for us to release.  Its a cycle until you heal what life wants you to.  Thats just my take on it.  But its possible you still carry that karma so to speak and thats what she sensed.  But i guess she was pretty specific about the familiar 🤔 Yeah there are vampires. They are rarely a physical being though, more like a parasitic ghost.

I suppose it’s possible some of these vampiric spirits have cult-like followings of human “familiars” to collect blood or energy for them. Haven’t heard much about it but many powerful spirits can influence people.

There’s a great book: Vampires the Occult Truth by Konstantinos, it lays it all out. Actual walking corpse physical vampires are apparently rare but not out of the question. I think the vampiric spirit can get powerful enough to reanimate its body or possess another.

Anyways check out the book it’s great. Good luck out there! I think I received a similar message from a reading about moving to NOLA too. The reader just said it differently, but energetically to me it’s the same. He said: don’t associate with people who are still very attached to their ego. (Ego-maniacs)

I understood the energy of what he said, because my parents are both ego-maniacs and I was a little sad to connect to it to the people I had already met in town. At the time I really didn’t know how to differentiate a truly caring person and someone pretending to be caring and it’s actually taken a few years of trial and error to get it. If you feel exhausted or euphoric (extremes) after interacting with them, they are not truly caring. Truly mutually beneficial connections have the benefit happen simultaneously and it usually feels very calming and fulfilling. It is not, I do this for you and then you pay me back in the way I have decided you pay me back. loets of living entities in NOLA for sure, as well as underground vampire communities. I dont think they go out & target people but you can sell ur blood (I know this cuz a friend of mine sold his blood to vampires once.) However there is a ton of spiritual warfare going on down there. & def predators, but also amazing people as well. She’s warned you about Lestat Why didn't you ask her this question, can I ask 🤔?

Is there a way to clarify with her?

For me it is always better to clarify with the person who said the message than with other people. A lot gets lost in translation. It seems she had a specific message for you and here is a little bit of exploration/indagation in the comments...

I hope your move goes very well!! Energetic vampires. NOLA and pretty much Louisiana as a whole is a big ‘weak spot’ in the portal/veil. Celebrities Did you ask for clarification/did she offer any? I was thinking vampires as more of energy drainers. People who suck your energy. But then they said you’d only be able to see their familiars and now I’m just as confused as you OP 😂 be careful out there! Dark energy in Nola. I would not recommend living there. She didn’t mean blood sucking vampires. It’ll suck your positive energy out of you. I’ve experienced it every time I go there. That’s why I don’t go anymore Are you open to sharing your psychic’s information? Does she have a business to contact? If not I understand, it’s just that I’ve been meaning to find someone who is pet say legit and knowledgeable in that area. I trust you've subscribed to r/Louisiana and are aware of how things are moving politically in that state?  You definitely need to be extremely careful in every single possible way there.

My family has a long and very deep history there but I wouldn't and won't set foot there for love or money. Watch out for the Pig People also Energy vampires im assuming Can you dm her info Your psychic loved the show "True Blood". Yay! Welcome to our pretty city. Definitely join r/NewOrleans it’s hilarious but also a good source of local issues. We do have vampires here and it’s always wise to shield and have a good BS meter. But the city is also very friendly and welcoming, so please don’t assume everyone’s terrible. It’s the south so you’ll find yourself in all sorts of random conversations with locals, the majority of these interactions being magical in the best ways. I’ve always found the city to be profoundly magical and my experience is that the city provides exactly what you need/deserve. The karma here seems instantaneous at times, so watch out for that, and the magic is very old. People either love it or hate it. They don’t mean the blood sucking vampires!they just mean the vampires that suck the good emotions out of you! New Orleans is a place with great energy. I'm sure she meant to watch out for those who feed on people's energy and leave them with dark or negative energy. sounds like referencing to The Originals show about the vampires For what it's worth; Not all psychics are legit and legit psychics are not always 100% correct. So decide for yourself what to take from that. Be smart, be safe and always practice psychic protection. 💜 Years ago psychics would make a tape of sessions so you can reflect back on your reading. Sometimes you are given a lot of information and if you stop to think hard about just one element of what’s said you will miss a link. Next time ask for a taping and/ or if you can use your phone to record sessions. You need to get in touch with her to get clarification of your reading… it does you no good if you don’t understand what she was saying and/ or implying. Some readers charge a hefty sum for readings and I’m sure you want your money’s worth. 

You shouldn’t have to guess and/ or have other people interpret what a reader told you, you deserve to get a official and accurate reading that’s chrystal clear to you! The mind is narrative, Spirit is simple. If what’s happening in your head is a whole story or a linear thought-out process, that’s likely your mind. If it’s a complete & instant “Knowing”, an emotion, or one or two words, that’s likely Spirit/intuition. Have the mindset that your other clairs are developing and your claircognizance is your strongest Clair. I also share this problem but when I started to change my mind set I've been noticing static, floaters which indicates my clairvoyance is developing and I also have started to have ringing in my ears. Just keep practicing and everything will fall into its place easily. To put it very simply, your intuition or intuitive messages will be a light to tap on the door, whereas your own thoughts and fears will be a bang on the door. If it’s loud, it’s probably not your intuition. That’s how I see it A message should feel like a rudimentary thought form that comes more quickly and consciously. You then interpret that with what question you had. This is my personal experience.

Typically, information that comes specifically through my left ear is from my guides, for myself.  Information that comes through the right ear is for other people.

I don't know if it works for others this way.

Here's what I'd suggest, after your meditation, take 5-10 minutes and write down anything you heard, that you could make out, first. 

Then write down the thoughts in your head, even if they seem random or irrelevant.

Note any feelings in your body, "my shoulder feels weird" "my feet were tingling" "Chest feels tight" "throat is sore" or "totally normal"

Make a note of any images in your mind.  Describe them or even sketch them out.

Pick a color.  Whatever come to mind first 

Are there any numbers that come to mind?  If not, write down the time.

I have a chart that I use to prompt me on all these things ready to go as soon as I'm ready to write.  I've personally found this EXTREMELY helpful to distinguish psychic information.

I hope this helps.  Also, if anyone has ideas to add, please comment.  We can all learn from each other.

As always, remember to be kind, practice compassion. I might not quite have "clairaudince" but i know its normal. The reson being what sorcerers call "left side awarness". It is refering to that energy tends to be distributet unequally in the body, so often the left eye and the left ear would be more "psychic" then the right once. In my experience, I tend to hear things out of one of my ears not both. Not that I’m doubting you, but what makes you think you’ve been getting negative energy from this woman? What specifically is the result of this bad energy? Is it something you noticed yourself? Or is this just something a few psychics have told you about? Yes if you can talk to her and maybe even things out its best option before doing in any magickal activities.

And even she is sending any bad energy, just regular cleansing, meditation and grounding will build you energy body so you don't have to worry about negative influence. Yes it may be a good idea to reach out to her to solve any problems you have with her. sometimes communications is necessary for her to heal/stop hating you so she will stop sending bad energy.

if she isn’t willing to communicate then I guess you will need to find a way to protect your energy so that her bad energy can’t affect you as much The easiest way to stop a curse is stop feeding it. No one can hurt you more than your own paranoia Uhm is it bad that I know that one of my friends is gonna be marrying a person with the initials JG? Meditation, sleep mask and ear buds.

Obviously you won't be sleeping but when I meditate I use ear buds or I use headphones and listen to meditating music so I block out any thoughts or sounds  that may distract me. don't need to lose focus on whats around. Concentrate. the sleep mask I've been using helps me see things behind my eyelids or in my minds eye. Including faces. Well, sure environment has an affect on our mental, emotional, physical and spiritual development.  That said, it's hard to say what affect various environments would have on someone.  Sometimes adversity makes people more psychically open whether or not being psychic equates with one's spirituality is pretty individualistic though. People are complete products of their environments. I do mean 100%. So, yes. I don't know what your goals are, but one of the biggest environmental negative influences on children (besides parents) are school systems. In many ways, but primarily influences from peers. I've been to a few different school districts, the smaller ones always seemed much better (though poorer and likley less educational), the peers are better. Cities… I think it depends on the situation. But being able to sink really deep into relaxed meditation helps. Shamanic journeying and obe's help.And it takes practice to discern what's really there and what your mind wants to invent.

Maybe start with shamanic journeying. There are guided meditations on Youtube to help with that.   
Then try obe's.   
Everything is energy and we're all connected. I really believe anyone can remote view with enough practice.  


Good luck! Not sure but this might help r/remoteviewing Try and imagine you're in a white room and there's a door. Ask whatever and open the door. Do not think and allow the picture to come. Or you don't even need to imagine a white room. It's quite an easy method and quick. Lookup Monroe institute gateway project. I believe the cia research into this was part of the remote viewing programs. Memorys a bit fuzzy There was a type of remote viewing where you could look out of someone elses eyes thousands of miles away. It takes the skill of the host person though, they are professionaly trained and the link you in via a form of hynotism. Yes!!! Thank you for typing “remote viewing” I have been wanting to research this for 2 weeks and I could not for the life of me remember what it was called.  🤣👍 You ever hear that saying about not being on the same wavelength as other people?   

Or have those friends of friends you just can’t get seem to really ‘click’ with? You’ve got the same friends, same interests, same sense of humour, and in theory you should get along like a house on fire too, and yet….you just don’t 

We aren’t all on the same wavelength! It happens when giving readings too, some people you just can’t read, for absolutely no good reason at all, it just doesn’t happen. Life is just like that. Some people are naturally more defensive (and naturally better at mentally shielding & blocking others), some people work at blocking others, illness both physical and mental can block it, tiredness and stress do, being over emotional can do massively. On either or both sides. Sometimes it’s a temporary thing, sometimes it’s more permanent but some people just aren’t on your wavelength and you just aren’t on theirs. Hope you guys are having fun. Spirit are everywhere and near you all the time. I can record them in any cemetery,  public places like retail outlets, hospitals, and many homes. etc. Most are ghosts (stuck for some reason) but some may also be from the light. Any being telling you an exact future is either in a deception themselves or trying to trick you. Maybe both.

You might be able to make an educated guess based on patterns you’re seeing but there’s no way to know exactly what will happen in the future. That’s the nature of the chaotic energy of the universe. Makes things more exciting. Seeing the same numbers frequently is a synchronicity, and a lot of the time they will appear when you are thinking abou/feeling something in order to tell you something about it, such as that you are on the right track, etc. I believe 777 is a good sign, and I’d recommend you to look up something like “angel number 777” or “777 synchronicity meaning”. A definition of synchronicity is, “an event of spiritual significance that ask us to momentarily dampen our self-obsession and consider the possibility of the divine. Synchronistic experiences leave us with a curious sense that we should pay attention.”

As for the dreams and the voice in your head, they are most likely precognitive dreams, which are basically dreams that predict the future. You should definitely keep a dream journal if you aren’t already. Most of my precognitive dreams are about events that happen between right when I wake up to when I fall asleep the next day, though some can be about events months from when I had the dream. Although, if the warnings are about really bad things happening and making you feel scared or depressed, etc, then it may be a negative entity that is going into your dreams. As to where the voice comes from if it really is precognitive, it’s your subconscious/your higher self, although none of my precognitive dreams have downright told me in words what it is, so it might be a spirit guide/benevolent entity for some reason. Id say listen to them 777.. is mostly from my side yeah Compared to average people, you sound very unburdened and free; even just how vividly you can do this while in a conscious state is above average. Many people might have blockages put in place by others, at least according to my recent research, and some people are troubled by spirits doing unwanted things to them.

I've wanted to be able to meditate in peace without sudden intrusions created by other beings, let alone see through my mind's eye clearly enough; yet things can often be staticky. And my greatest dream has been to imagine my own realities similar to how you described, however that's very difficult for me to do consciously. I have seen beings and practiced telepathy with them. Can do it with certain people, some people are like bricks.

Most people who hear me just smile, some have told me they aren't supposed to talk about it. Pretty interesting to practice telepathy with someone and then have them respond verbally as well.

Have also noticed some people's eyes have certain odd qualities, when they appear to me others freak out when they see me - think they can see my aura or whatever as well.

One person whose eyes appeared blue - white dots all over, looked at me and said "you're not supposed to be here" and ran away. 

One person saw floating candy that one of these people gave to me before. I decided not to eat the candy.


Can I see otherworldly entities or something? Lovely. Let's make mediumship (and the world's information flow in general) more efficient:

Traditional mediumship is inefficient because the medium can only connect one person and one spirit at one time. Most people don't know how to get information directly, and the number of practising mediums is small. Let's instead drag people into this newly constructed place where they can send or perceive spiritual information better. Now more people can get connected at the same time and one person communicating to multiple people at once is possible. And unlike traditional mediumship, the entire sensory stream is available for connection.

Enjoy what the world should be like. I want to be pulled into the astral 🙋‍♀️ lol
But also, you might enjoy r/astreality they do fun astral meetup projects you would LOVE. They just had a easter egg hunt on their island for spring! Where they leave objects and others go and try to find them and guess what they left and where. You might even be able to be a huge asset to their events with your AP helper gifts. 

Here is their island: 
[Astrealitys Hoclaros Island ](https://www.reddit.com/r/Astreality/comments/qseh3z/updated_hoclaros_map/?utm_medium=android_app&utm_source=share)
& The Sigil to draw for the portal entrance:
[Island Portal Sigil](https://www.reddit.com/r/Astreality/comments/hp16v1/cleaner_version_of_ukkbolitos_hoclaros_sigil/?utm_medium=android_app&utm_source=share)

The second subreddit that has a location meet up is:

r/AstralArmy 
&their Portal Sigil and location info is:
[AstralArmy Portal Sigil](https://www.reddit.com/r/AstralArmy/comments/7iozi7/how_to_get_to_our_location/?utm_medium=android_app&utm_source=share) Yes.

One time a woman was trying to take my job. At the time I was her boss. I sent her to another state to do some training with an office we had there. A tree fell on her car. The next time she was in a different state, and she got food poisoning. She was stuck in the hotel for three days. She quit.

Things like that happen with me all the time. 

You just have to remember not to be happy about it, don’t celebrate their loss. That would be against Karma. Not sure if it's the same as this but when I feel really angry and disturbed due to someone hurting me or saying mean things, it seems to affect them. I once lent some money to a friend/co-worker inspite of his bad history of repaying the money on time because he was almost begging me to give him money. He didn't return the money at the time he promised. Later, he left the job and when I contacted him about the money, he started to abuse me and said mean things. I felt very disturbed for days thinking this is what I get for helping someone in need. After getting back at him, he did promise to pay the money back soon but that was again a lie. I also got to know that he took money from one of my other friends who I had lent money to on the pretext of giving it back to me but he never did. This infuriated me a lot, I had a lot of negative feelings and anger towards him. Later when I tried to get in touch with him, I got to know that he died in an accident! The person I spoke with also sent me a photo as proof of him being dead in the accident and tbh the accident seemed to be pretty bad. I have a pure heart and feel that if someone tries to mess up with it, I have the ability to curse that person. Listen, wait, just be open. I ask questions. I take directions.

I meditate I will say from my experience. It was a bit hard at first. I tried to do automatic writing but it was a bit tricky. But it got better later on as my heart chakra cleared up more. The first I channeled is my on and off partner's higher self. I meditated and tried to asked his higher self "Allow me to feel your energy".... thus I did and I tried not to think and just let the thoughts come out. Some of these beings had very powerful energy, like it could break open my body as most these were from a higher place. It's just possession in a way but you are in control and can kick them out. Now I don't really do it much these days. Just simple telepathy and reading their energy to know if they are who they say they are. There is a similarity that all channelers share, beside being the Creator, they all meditate. 

Some channeler may take days or years for conditioning to takes its place. While in meditation, while the intellect is silent, the desire to channel start taking place, there is a pressure in the jaw, the body tends to move automatically, one starts to feel like one is reading a book, concepts are being impressed slowly. There will be a pressure in the backnof the head, in the cerebellum, because the higher self or a higher being its sending a narrow band frequency of thoughts, it is the entrance point of conditioning. 

There has to be a desire and intent to serve the One Infinite Creator. This desire is an impetus, a driving force. Avail the self to the Creator within and this shall take place. All in meditation. What does channeling mean to you? Is it a flow of energy or information? Is it allowing another spirit to borrow your body? These things can happen. Mind over matter is a reality. Unfortunately most of us are unaware how powerful are we are.

John I have, I personally could do telekinesis, but I haven't figured out how I do it yet. When my mom gets spooked from a show or anything her tv and devices act strangely with weird screen tears and pauses to a complete shutoff, I try not to let her watch spooky stuff now. Yeah I get this a lot but it mainly makes things fall over or fly about. The other day my girlfriend came to check at me at work because paintings kept falling of the wall and I’d been having an awful day Around the time of my extreme psychic awakening I felt energy or something shoot out of my body in all directions and it make the bed of the mental institution I was in squeak and wiggle and the room shook slightly. This happened twice in about a 10 min period. Hasn't happened years since. Years ago I would walk into a room and the light blows out. Happened like 4-5 times hasnt happened in a while. This post just made me remember That’s cool af! I don’t do that but I once had an electric swoosh suddenly go through my head and the power went completely out! I also asked my spirit guides to prove they were real and asked them to set of my fire alarm and they did within seconds, months later I asked again bc I was seriously doubting and they set it off AGAIN -within seconds! I also feel spirits around me and touch me several times a week. It’s wild [deleted] It’s kus everything is energy including our emotions so that is why it influences everything else around us A long time ago, but was fighting with my mom and a lightbulb literally flickered & fizzled out in our house. Did you know that telekinesis is totally real scientifically speaking?

It's just almost impossible to replicate or control especially under scientific observation.

But telekinesis itself has ben well documented even in animals for many years. Unfortunately, it's almost impossible to control (in the state of today's science). It's a natural phenomenon that usually happens *unconsciously*.

It does happen. We just don't know how. Hahahahahahahaha [removed] Kind of. My tv freezes. sounds like a super-normal ability that can be honed.. I believe its possible Yeah...lights, radios, anything involving cell phone towers.

One time I told my friend how I could turn speakers and lights off and on from across the room. He said I was a witch and if I did it again he'd stop talking to me.Also I come from a conservative Christian background...so I took that as a sign that I shouldn't mess with energy like that. I haven't tried it since.

But yea, intense moods definitely affect the world around me.Everything is energy so it makes sense.. I will explain but anyway, nobody will give a damn about it  so... yawn... We’re all different so if you don’t get that gut feeling, that’s okay, you may just receive information differently and not be aware what your ‘tells’ are, for want of a better word. 

Personally, I find intuition is cool, detached, calm and unemotional, very matter of fact, but anxiety is quite urgent, it’s emotional and repetitive. Intuition (unless I’m actively performing a reading and wanting to tune into it deliberately) is just a thought that appears from nowhere, there’s no train of thought or no discernible track where that that thought came from. Anxiety has a trail. 

If I’m painting and decorating I may be thinking about laying dust sheets, checking my brushes, getting the scissors and masking tape so if suddenly from nowhere I have a matter of fact thought that my neighbours cat is stuck in a shed across the road, that’s intuition. I wasn’t thinking about the neighbour or the cat, I wasn’t thinking anything remotely connected to them, the thought just crashed into my head. There’s no emotion in that thought, although my emotion will follow after the thought when I’m panicking for the cat!

If that thought wasn’t about the cat or the neighbour, say it was a thought I’d kick the paint over and ruin the carpet, that’s anxiety. I was thinking about decorating, my mind is focused on it so I can see a clear train of thought that would lead me to the anxious thought. It’s a panicking kind of thought and it repeats screaming in my head. Anxieties are often fear based. Intuition isn't based on fear. Its more of a knowing instead of beign afraid.

Over time youwill learn how to discern those two better. Intuition is more of a flash. 
Anxiety is more intrusive. 
Dunno if that makes sense. 🤷🏼‍♀️ Intuition for me is just knowing.
Anxiety makes me indecisive.

If I question it and I'm unsure: anxiety.
If I question it and I still feel like it's true/right/going to happen: intuition.

I'm like you, very detached. No emotion to my intuition. So that's why I also cognitively analyze it to tell the difference.

The times it is a feeling it's a flowing blanaced feeling. Anxiety feels stressed, rushed and "bumpy". Haha Completely normal. Third eye in particular is very sensitive and many people like you will instantly feel pressure here. If you continue you are working on your third eye and opening it.

Yes you should continue even if its uncomfortable unless you start getting headache and also don't forget to work on your lower chakras first. They tend to be very neglected. If you ever hear instructions to harm yourself or another, that is psychotic. Psychic attunement is peaceful, uplifting, and supportive. Just don’t go blindly fallowing the words of something. Much love and peace. But has an actual radio station tuned in to you. It’s scary and overwhelming. If you ever hear voices telling you to harm yourself or another, please seek medical intervention. try to think of it not as good and bad, real or non real, but as phenomena that promote love/truth/happiness or phenomena that promote delusion/anger/desire. there is no clear answer, but you may have other useful thoughts as you ponder the question Two pieces of advice. 1. Practice grounding exercises. This means honoring your current ego and physical body in a healthy way, whether that be through excercise or visualizing energetic roots that connect you to earth. Sometimes, we can get too caught up with the crown/soul connection that it causes dissociation. You may even access information that isn't really meant for you, and that can lead you astray. Balance is key. This will help with the psychosis. 

2. Work on clearing out energy blockages/unbalanced energy centers. Many times, this can be caused by trauma or fear. And this can block the flow of your energy. Everyone channels energy differently, so some people are more affected than others depending on where those blockages are.  Once you do that, your gifts will become much stronger. This is not something that can typically be done in a day. It takes consistent practice. I'm also connected to my higher self and higher than the higher self, source. We're like radios true, but we are are 'it'. It takes practice, time, logic to understand your thoughts more and where it could come from. I read the energy source of the words I gain to know if it's lower vibe or higher vibe, energy vampire like. Just be a good energy reader, understand how it makes you feel, try to see if there's any 'false' light or if it's truly light by finding the the root. What mental illness are you talking about if you don't mind disclosing? start to meditate I have experience with opening my third eye I started meditating 3 days and then one night I felt this pressure right in the middle of my eyebrow and if it gets to much pressure just breathe but if you don’t feel it then keep practicing Before you open your third eye, make sure you are spiritually awakened and balance your lower chakras so that you are grounded and don't get overwhelmed. Looking at your comments, I'm not sure if it's a good idea to open your third eye forcefully without having some solid foundations. These solid foundations are meditation and a belief system, among others. Awakening the third eye will take a toll on your spiritual and mental strength if you are not ready. It's like asking to join a rally race when you haven't even got your driver's license. It's a BIG risk. But you do you. i think the experience of opening your third eye is going to be different and special for each individual, but when it happens you’ll know without a shadow of a doubt. mine almost popped, it felt like i had finally made enough connections in my thinking and something snapped I hope this helps you Avoid tf out of florinated water. It attaches to the pineal gland.  Im always much sharper the less I drink.  Take magnesium citrate as it will help your body remove it. Hey, at least you're not the only weirdo! 👋 Hi, I'm a weirdo in public too.

I don't have answers, I only have solidarity. I really caution against using psychedelics until one can command their focus & will their energy. At the very least, absolutely microdose. 

3D reality envelopes us like an eggshell. It's both a boundary/limitation, as well as a protective sheath. Trauma & spiritual practice both knock at &/or chip away at this boundary. Psychedelics can blow it wide open, allowing consciousness to traverse far past it. But as this crack allows you to go out, it also can allow things to come in. This is the basis of psychic phenomena. People are eager to shatter this line, but experience & wisdom teaches us to love this line, & to develop a pure sensitive subtle state which allows us to sense the vibrations around this line safely. What you term as an awakening, objectively, could be judged as a breakdown.

So if we pad this premise out a bit and go along the timeline to now, what we are witnessing seems to be along the same lines of disassociation. 

Acting 'weird' as you term it would be perceived to me as acting uncontrollably.

I'd say it's a health issue that you've confused with a few different things. Sure you've probably unlocked some different perceptions, but has it been advantageous to you? Doesn't sound like you are either in control or able to interpret the energy in a healthy way.

Am I totally wrong, before your ego downvotes the f out of me? It took me a long time to get comfortable in public. Out of my 7 year journey into spirituality, only in this last year have I finally fortified myself enough to not be moved by other people's energy. 

Most of that came from yeah, healing myself and teaching myself the power of my belief, and how my negative beliefs were manifesting themselves and working against me. Once I figured that out, and started putting positive beliefs in place... Well, I basically feel invincible now. Nobody can stop me, and I'm the master of my reality. 

It's good you feel full of love tho, idk if you believe in God but they love that. If you're open to psychedelics, I 100% recommend using them to find God, or your higher power/guide etc. Last Christmas I was reunited with God during a trip and it really sunk in the truth around me. It also opened my connection and I can hear them much better now, even sober.

Set your intention ahead of time, like a week. Say okay, on this day and this time I will do this psychedelic (I've only tried LSD and shrooms) and make contact with God. Keep that intention in place and think about what you wanna ask, know, experience etc. God appreciates wanting to make contact, so I guarantee you will encounter SOMETHING good if you set that intention. They'll spill all the tea for you, or at least the tea you need in that moment. Just be open to the answers. I am weird in public.  I choose to not care what others think.  So I randomly ask a person.. hey do you know a tall blond with blue eyes.. oh she passed.  Well what is her name.  Oh Janet. Ok well Janet says she is watching over you and that the bills will get paid and stop stressing.  

*Leaves behind a confused, teary eyed cashier and a line of confused people behind me.*

I often see spirits when out in public and have to be polite and cheery while trying to not appear to weird because i have freaked people out by causing a spirit to become visible to family members and others.  It causes alot of interesting conversations.

Plus im a human lie detector. I can tell when salesmen and others are lying to me. same, i totally feel and understand this. waking up is so isolating. Obsidian for protection, my dear. I agree totally with u/fromtheredwoods, I do not use drugs of any kind. I hate them as they "do stuff" to my physical body.  migraine and stuff. I do not use them.  and in your case and position, I would not recommend them either.

In my experience, have you seen dragon ball?  I do that,  I project fire from my manipura chakra (the one in the plexus) and it surrounds me, protecting me and burning everything that comes to me that should not arrive.

Keep meditating, work on your belief system, and you will get there. for sure.  We are all here for you, u/Ok_Argument1174 You can try LSD to heal any past traumas. Worked wonders for me! What do you mean by being "weird" in public? They tell you you’ve got a curse/been hexed/bad juju/negative energy they just so happen to be able to fix…. For a fee of course. 

They contact you out of the blue because ‘they feel drawn to you’. No really, they aren’t and you really aren’t their ‘beloved’ either..,, 

They want your DOB, full name, mothers maiden name, SS or NI number, 3 photographs and inside leg measurements. Asking for ONE of those should suffice for them to anchor to. DOB may result in an astrological or numerology reading, which is okay if that’s what you want, but not really a ‘psychic’ reading. Asking for all that information should be a major red flag. Don’t give any information you aren’t comfortable with, a good reader will understand. And no, don’t ever give you SS, NI or mothers maiden name out. Keep your wits about you. 

Your ‘reading’ costs more than a months rent 

They want to charge you for a cleansing 

They give you an egg/spirit jar/energy water/white cloth/insert any other prop to bring back in a months time so they can ‘review’ whether you need further services. (The original set up is usually free, it’s when you return they use this prop to claim you’re under spiritual attack, demonic presence/bad energies etc)

They try to upsell you crystals/spells/candles. If you really want to buy X after a reading, source the thing yourself. Plenty of people get conned spending way too much money for what are in all honesty pretty painted rocks that should cost pennies

They insist you need more readings or ‘services’ more than once every 6/8 months 

They tell you they can guarantee your future or claim to be 100% accurate 100% of the times. Especially about future predictions

They say they will draw your soul mate

They claim to be able to remove any blockages that is keeping your soulmate away/money away/stopping you being happy

They post offers on the spiritual Reddit subs asking you to ‘comment ME’ below

They want a ‘donation’ before they’re even done a reading for you

They approach you first rather than you contact them (this applies in person as well as online) 

They ask too many questions (asking if you have a sibling then telling you about your relationship with your younger sister is good, asking if you have a sister, then asking if you get on, then asking how you feel about her before declaring ‘you don’t really get on with your sister do you? Not so good. Some questions should be asked for clarity and to ensure your reader is on the right track)

They ‘read’ things that is openly & readily available information online (if you comment asking about a particular cars details on a car sub here, it’s not rocket science to conclude you may be thinking about purchasing that same car!) 

The reading sounds vague enough that you could read it to a few friend and they’d relate exactly to it too. 

Nothing makes sense on the reading, you can’t relate to anything they say and they still insist they’re right and you’re wrong. 

I’ll add more when I think of them! The only thing I would say do is steer clear of spiritualists who have thousands of followers on Twitter (or other mindless apps) who charge hundreds of dollars for things as simple as divination sessions. A LOT of people get turned away from mystical acts simply because of these individuals whose whole existence is fueled by their spirituality hot-takes on an app. 
I offer readings for free. Of course donations are accepted, but I'd never charge someone for asking the divine/universe questions about their life. Especially when in today's society most people don't have any real connection with the unseen. 

If you want to guage someone's legitimacy, ask them where they get their teachings, how they initiated themselves in the belief system, or how they noticed they had psychic abilities. Trust your intuition. More often than not you will be able to sense bs. I mean. The spirits guiding youand/or universe is  always around. I doubt they would lie to a sincere individual looking for assistance. 

✨️ Big money up front usually means  big BS . if they say they can take away your negative energy or if they charge a lot of money theyre scammers One told me that I was born with a dark cloud hovering above me. I believe that though, as hard as it was to hear. Read into the art of mentalist or mentalism. Knowing the tricks of the trade can help distinguish authenticity from performers. I just know. I thought this said “Physics.” I would watch out for those who are all about $$$.  If they cannot do anything without you showing some money or want to take advantage of the situation with rising rates or ambiguous rates, then they are scamming you.  I went on a haunted walking tour with a very well-known medium who used to be on television.  He said he would not be doing any readings that night and then went on and on about how psychic he is and all the wonderful things he can do.  At no point in the night, did he add to the walking tour except for bragging about his "gifts."  I started thinking to myself, that if this person did have a gift, he would want to make believers out of everyone and we would then happily pay a fee for a reading.  But he refused and just kept talking about how gifted he was and how many spirits he communicated with.  He then told people they could contact him for a $300/hour reading since he was so gifted.  Trust your instincts and if it sounds like a scam, it usually is. In my experience,if they ask questions at all. The good psychics I've been to have never played 20 questions with me lol. They won't consciously (or unconsciously - tho being involuntarily psychic isn't uncommon) react to the movements of your inner world. 

The big secret is that we can all do this.

A fake psychic can be a real psychic, they're just too busy in their head playing the role of one, rather than facing the realities of others, and therefore picking up on their deeper thoughts and energies. It’s pretty easy to tell when ur face to face with them, but lets be honest too anyone who messages you for a read or says they can read you from anywhere, they’re probably full of it you won’t question if they are fake or not, it will be obvious to you. validation is part of their job. By asking them exactly what they feel when they have a premonition, how it translates from spirit to themselves, and how they decipher the message intended. They call it a gift, I sometimes wonder about that. References Period. They are all fake All of them are fake I was scammed by a woman who has a YouTube channel and does readings. She asked a ton of questions and actually just confirmed everything I said. (This was before I figured out my psychic abilities.) I started developing my abilities and unknowingly attracted a demon. I contacted the woman in a panic pleading for her help and she completely ignored me. It was a rude awakening. My Guardian Angel later confirmed to me the woman was a scam artist. I felt so stupid. yes….they charge money No, people have to develop their own judgement and process of discernment. Nevermind the psychic space, so much of human culture is fake and that fakeness is promoted or even originally laid down by the very systems we trust to induct us into human culture e.g., the education system, scientific communities and authorities of all kinds

By now, what is actually fake is so widely believed that good natured people defend their fake beliefs and cling to them as though their lives would only have meaning if what they have learned is true.

So now, from such a mess how can psychics be monitored for quality? Take doctors, we have to be registered on a board or council and this gives people confidence that their doctors know what they are talking about. Together with their dedication to learning and passing exams it also gives the doctor confidence that they know what they are talking about and practicing. However, all of that is fake from another more advanced perspective on health and so in the bigger picture the regulations and monitoring of that profession is meaningless. If you can't meaningfully regulate the healthcare profession, then what chance is there with psychics? Muscle testing. Read dr hawkins power v force 1. Inauthentic by intuition/ it feels wrong/ like a performance. Claim to be ‘woke’ and use a lot of buzz words; tribe lol. 
2. Claim to be or channel influential people / idols/ Jesus (101 for fraud, the amount of people who apparently can all do this at the same time in interesting maybe Jesus had BPD 😂).
3. Unable to share anything concrete and non-generic about your past. Never trust anyone to provide you insight into your present or potential paths who cannot effectively share about your past. 
4. Play hot and cold with you.
5. Money minded/ offers seem like MLM. They want you to buy bundles of services and offer very little 1:1 live service. I do not do pre-recorded personalised services, this is only adequate for information/ learning.
6. Self absorbed and boast about material things, having a following in itself is not an issue, but how we refer to people who associate with us is telling. 
7. They often spiritual bypass a lot, never address it and share about how their services can rid you of developmental trauma for example. Nope. Get a talk therapist. 
8. They emphasise tools over practice. Don’t get me wrong, we all love a good crystal, but that is not the practice and often appropriates other cultures and practices. They often sell a whole load of aesthetically amazing gear too. I don’t need any cups, feather pens or crystals from a psychic though. 
9. They just came out of nowhere from the corporate world. Often spiritual people are humble and they don’t care about money so they are less inclined to find themselves in these environments for long periods of time before exercising their gifts. Sounds like a nest egg, retirement plan with free holiday retreats to me. 🤣🤣 
10. They spend a lot of time evaluating or bashing others instead of on the work.
11. None of their prior psychic work is robust and they have poor reviews. Or claim to have 100% success rate. I don’t even have 100% success rate controlling how much salt I put in my food. Usually if they're trying too hard lol or if they keep nagging you to pay because "the spirits have an urgent message for you". Channeling? OK everybody saying it's "possession" is incorrect. Calm down. You'll be fine. People jump to extreme negatives so quickly.

I totally share this gift with you. I have these same things happen when I do a reading. My voice changes, my mannerisms, everything. Just because you experience this DOES NOT mean you have gotten possessed.

It does mean that you most likely are a trance medium, have some telepathic ability, and some deeply empathic ability. I myself have these abilities. I have done channeling and some physical mediumship as well and I am not possessed. People freak out at what they don't understand.

I really think this is mostly linked to telepathic abilities. Telepathy as most commonly experienced doesn't mean reading peoples' minds--but you are able to read their intentions and their "vibe" very easily.

So questions for you--

Do you seem to "know" people when you first meet them? I mean you just meet them, yet you have a very good idea of what their personality is like? Whether they are trustworthy or not, dangerous, or kind, or high energy/low energy, etc.?

Have you ever answered someone's question before they asked it? Most probably someone close to you?

Have you ever gotten a vibe right away that someone is dangerous and you noped out for no reason right away?

When you do readings for people, do you get the feelings of how they passed? Feel pain in the lungs and find out they had breathing issues? Had pain in the head and found it was an aneurism?

All this is signs of telepathy. It overlaps with the other clairs--but it's like you have more of a direct tie to the qualia (or the direct subjective experience) of another person. You tune into others minds very easily. You may not read their exact thoughts, but you're pretty darn sure of what they are thinking.

Your mind is like a radio tuner that just really easily glommed onto the frequency of the spirit you were talking to. The spirit got excited that you tuned in so well and they went in strong. It doesn't mean you actually let them take over your body. It's more like they are standing right behind you very close, metaphorically speaking, and you're temporarily sharing an aura.

If it gets uncomfortable tell them to back off. Tell them you've cut contact and it's time to leave. Shake it off (literally). Move your body, dance around. Take a walk. Do something YOU specifically like to do and reclaim your space. Imagine white loving light purifying your energy body and aura and know that you occupy your own space and mind and nobody else.

It can be scary, and weird because not a lot of people have this experience/ability. Because it's not that common people freak out and jump to negative conclusions and throw around words like possession, oppression, etc. It's nonsense.

State your intentions to communicate and communicate only before you begin. Make it clear you only communicate with spirit that is aligned with love and light and kindness and compassion only. Protect yourself, then clearly tell them you're done, then cleanse your energy. Channeling…or trance mediumship Channelling (mediumship), or empathic absorption. 

Given that you felt tired after, probably channelling. I advise looking into energy cultivation methods, like qigong. The oracles of Tibet that channel the spirit kings have a shortened lifespan doing this kind of work. It could be many different things. However, control is priority when expanding consciousness and things of the like. It would be wise to have protection of some sort and have firm boundaries. If energy/entities come in and out of you like a convenience store then that’s definitely not good. Although performing Work can sometimes leave a person drained but something like that is most likely something else using your energy. A prudent/cautious way of doing divination or any kind of Work would be to cleanse, protect, connect, Work, cleanse again, and ground. Ask them to step back It's called posession. If you don't choose to do it and control it, it's not good. It is a sign of lack of control of your own astral body and weak psychic defences. The danger is that the spirits may not leave or can infect you with negative energy making you ill or drain your energy causing low emotion, heart palpitations, dizziness, exhaustion or nausea. lMongolian and voodoo shaman are trained to control this. The general rule is don't let other beings into your energy field unless you invite them and control it. Psychic realities offer many amazing experiences, but being amazing is no guarrantee they are safe. The ability is called trance mediumship. It's found in the crown chakra. Trance mediumship is the ability to allow another being to come into your body and take over for awhile. This is different from what are called mediums, which are psychics that can talk to spirit guides and relay messages. It's sometimes called channeling, but that can mean different things, from channeling energy or information all the way to bringing in a being into your body.

Well done on recognizing that a different soul personality has entered your body. Great first step.

If you wish to read people and not bring in beings, you need to be grounded. Here's why:

You already know what it feels like to be high on an energy level. That's the vibration that spirit guides will match and come into your body. Grounding it the opposite in one sense, but more complex than higher or lower vibration conveys.

Try this. Sit in a chair. Close your eyes. Take a deep breath. Feet flat on the floor. Hands separated and resting palms up on each thigh.

Create a grounding cord. This is a line of energy that connects your first chakra to the center of the planet. Your first chakra is a ball of energy about the size of a quarter that sits just in front of the base of your spine. Your grounding cord attaches to the bottom of that ball of energy.

Grounding makes your body feel safe, so you release energy more easily. Gravity pulls whatever you release, even your own energy, down to the center of the planet. No effort on your part. The center of the planet neutralizes the energy and returns it to whoever owns it. No karma for anyone. A virtuous cycle.

Nearly everyone goes to connect to the center of the planet the first time but stops at the soil, often making roots like a tree. This is a method that is taught in some martial arts styles, but it is not the best option for your spiritual development and healing.

So, notice the seat of your chair. Take a deep breath. Notice the distance between the seat and the floor. Now notice the distance between the floor and the soil below. Breathe.

Now notice the distance between the soil and the water table underneath. Notice the distance between the water table and the rocky mantle. Notice the distance between the mantle and the molten core below that. Deep breath.

Notice the distance between the molten core and the center of the planet. That ball of light at the very center of the planet is where you connect your grounding cord. Deep breath.

Say hello to the center of the planet. Do you get a hello back?

Notice the color and texture of your grounding cord. It may look like a line of energy, or look like something physical; a rope, a wire, a pipe, a tree trunk. Adjust it as needed to be in affinity with your body.

Getting this far means you've already released some energy from your aura and body. Now it is time to fill in the space that was created.

Create a gold sun over your head. Have it call back all of your energy from wherever you left it throughout your day and week. Work. School. Online meetings. Video games. Your fantasies about your future. Your regrets about your past. Wherever you've placed your attention. Just watch the energy come back and see if you notice where it came from.

Have the sun burn up and neutralize your energy. Then bring the sun into the top of your head. It will automatically flow into the spaces you created. Create a gauge to measure when you're full. Like a fuel gauge or oil gauge. You'll run better if you aren't a few quarts low on spiritual oil. If the gauge doesn't read "Full", bring in another gold sun.

Open your eyes, bend over and touch the floor, draining any tension from the back of your neck, then stand up, and stretch.

There is a progression with this technique. After grounding for ten minutes a day for a week or two, notice your grounding cord at the very end, while you're standing with your eyes open. Continue to ground with your eyes open and standing, and bring in another gold sun. Each day, increase the amount of time that you ground standing up with your eyes open.

After a week or two practicing this, add walking while grounded. Just notice your grounding cord as you walk. Say hello to the center of the planet while you walk. Bring in a gold sun while you walk.  If you lose your grounding cord, stop walking and recover it. If you have to, sit back down and close your eyes and create a new grounding cord.

After this, you're ready to take your grounding cord with you into your daily life. Shopping. Getting coffee. Wherever you go, you can ground. This, combined with a little amusement about seeing new things on an energy level, will keep you safe and sound.

Now that you're here, at the end of your grounding meditations, create a gold sun over your head. This time, fill it with your highest creative essence, your present time growth vibration, and your affinity for yourself. The first energy is a healing for you. The second is a healing for your body. The third is a healing for your affinity in your fourth chakra.

Bend over and touch the floor. Stand up and stretch. If you're ready for more, sit back down and ground some more. Otherwise, have a nice day!

Note that every image you imagine, the gold sun, the grounding cord, the center of the planet, your first chakra, your body parts, is exercising your clairvoyance. You may be imagining what your tailbone looks like, but you're also creating the image of your tailbone and reading its energy. This is practicing your clairvoyant ability.

If you ground this way to the center of the planet before you do readings, and notice your grounding at different times during your readings, you'll have a much easier time doing the readings and you won't feel drained when you're done. U are being possessed by the guides, not channeling as per others comments. At least it wasn't bad entities. Take control of yourself by learning how to be a better person first before starting on this kind of journey. Shadow work is really important so work on that before starting anything else. Mental illness Possession 101. Lecture and levitation to follow. There will be a test. Offering 1 FREE Yes/No question per person. In order to allow for everyone to be able to get their 1 question Yes/No, I will not be answering follow-ups. I will be prioritising those who haven’t gotten their 1 question before over those who have been read by me! 

Just a friendly reminder to structure your question in a yes/no format. I look forward to reading for you! :)

Edit: I would prefer to refrain from answering questions on health, legal issues, death and pregnancy. Offering a few free readings for what you need to know/hear right now. 
Or I could answer a question you have **If post is up, I am still open to questions!** ✨

I’m an Claircogziant and Clairaudient Medium offering one free yes or no question per person **via chat.** Please send your name(s) and question in the chat! 

*Please follow up with a healthcare 
professional on all health related questions*

*Readings are based on current energies*

*I will not answer any questions related to death, or law related questions or give legal advice*

*I have the right to refuse to answer questions that do not follow these guidelines.* [deleted] Offering free channeled msgs for a select few... comment if interested!!! [removed] Sleep paralysis can be scary,  but it's nothing to worry about or to be taken as an omen. It's more of the beginning stages of astral projection.  I get it often and usually entities are around when you open your second body eyes. Ghosts are literally everywhere and it's way easier to see them in an OBE state.

Sometimes your mind will create things to scare you to stay in your body too. 

Don't worry 😉 there’s nothing wrong with what happened and it’s especially common when napping and overly tired. if it’s scary for your boyfriend to not be able to come out of it, know this- breathe heavy and then hold your breath, alternating between the two quickly. it will connect your brain back to your body and you wake up within a few seconds. anyway, hopefully he can get to the point where he enjoys it. many people practice sleep paralysis for astral projection :) He had a hypnagogic hallucination.  It's pretty common with sleep paralysis. People are mentioning beginning of astral projection of out of body experience. They may be right. Also, the seeing the future or past could also be true.

**But the main purpose of SP** (sleep paralysis) is to make us not able to move when we start to dream. Our body does this automatically every time we go into REM stage and start to dream, and it also automatically releases the SP paralysis the moment we stop dreaming or wake up.

Sometimes we can actually notice being in SP when our body fails to notice that we are already awake and it thinks we are still asleep.

People who are activelly trying to AP or OBE or Lucid dream via WILD method are most likely to become aware of this natural phenomena.

It can be scary, because we think we are awake but we can't move, so our minds make up stories to explain this. And that can be scary. At that time we can also have hallucinations which can look like we see our real room or real people around us. Or we see or hear things that are not really there.

*But no, by no means this is anything bad. No omens, no warnings, nothing dangerous is going to happen to you guys.*

You can astually try this out yourself if you feel like it. Lay down and don't move. Just like if yoy were trying to go to sleep. Pretty soon your mind will think your body is asleep because you didn't move in a long time and it will start shutting down the brain as well. But if you consiouslly try to keep your mind awake just by thinking some mantra (prayer) for example : "I want to see SP", you will start experiencing all kinds of strange sensations or visuals, which are normal and they happen every single time we are falling asleep. You will be able to notice them this time, because you are keeping your mind awake on purpose. He had the beginnings of an out-of-body experience. Not a big deal. Sorry that you feel upset about it. The other reality where people go has non-linear time, that's why he saw you. Sleep paralysis is a medical issue. He had a hypnogogic hallucination which is very common with sleep paralysis. This happens because your brain gets confused about whether it’s asleep or awake. It was likely caused by poor sleep due to the travel or possibly stress. When I get sleep paralysis I try to breathe and relax, which usually makes it pass a little more quickly as my body starts to relax. It's nothing scary. 

Try r/astralprojection If you don't wanna see any spirits I recommend not opening your third eye! I used to get like a high walking into a bar from feeling the fun and sexual energy. It could almost be a little addictive for me. But I could also tell well the energy went from intoxicating to sloppy. In that case I’d just leave and go someplace quieter. Or if the energy was off someplace just turn around and try someplace else. Or gravitate to someone whose vibe you are drawn to. first, ground your energy. learn grounding exercises and practice them throughout the day to continuously cleanse your energy. second, clear your aura and keep it clear/protected. it takes practice but you can feel other’s auras without absorbing their energy into your aura. Feeling energy comes from your clairsentience ability in your second chakra. Most folks use this as a form of protection; it helps them feel for threats.  Closing down your second chakra will dial down the intensity of your response to the energy. You'll feel more comfortable.

To close down your second chakra when walking into a club, you need to give your body something else to make it feel safe. That something else can be many things, but the one I share is a specific style of grounding.

Try this. Sit in a chair. Close your eyes. Take a deep breath. Feet flat on the floor. Hands separated and resting palms up on each thigh.

Create a grounding cord. This is a line of energy that connects your first chakra to the center of the planet. Your first chakra is a ball of energy about the size of a quarter that sits just in front of the base of your spine. Your grounding cord attaches to the bottom of that ball of energy.

Grounding makes your body feel safe, so you release energy more easily. Gravity pulls whatever you release, even your own energy, down to the center of the planet. No effort on your part. The center of the planet neutralizes the energy and returns it to whoever owns it. No karma for anyone. A virtuous cycle.

Nearly everyone goes to connect to the center of the planet the first time but stops at the soil, often making roots like a tree. This is a method that is taught in some martial arts styles, but it is not the best option for your spiritual development and healing.

So, notice the seat of your chair. Take a deep breath. Notice the distance between the seat and the floor. Now notice the distance between the floor and the soil below. Breathe.

Now notice the distance between the soil and the water table underneath. Notice the distance between the water table and the rocky mantle. Notice the distance between the mantle and the molten core below that. Deep breath.

Notice the distance between the molten core and the center of the planet. That ball of light at the very center of the planet is where you connect your grounding cord. Deep breath.

Say hello to the center of the planet. Do you get a hello back?

Notice the color and texture of your grounding cord. It may look like a line of energy, or look like something physical; a rope, a wire, a pipe, a tree trunk. Adjust it as needed to be in affinity with your body.

Getting this far means you've already released some energy from your aura and body. Now it is time to fill in the space that was created.

Create a gold sun over your head. Have it call back all of your energy from wherever you left it throughout your day and week. Work. School. Online meetings. Video games. Your fantasies about your future. Your regrets about your past. Wherever you've placed your attention. Just watch the energy come back and see if you notice where it came from.

Have the sun burn up and neutralize your energy. Then bring the sun into the top of your head. It will automatically flow into the spaces you created. Create a gauge to measure when you're full. Like a fuel gauge or oil gauge. You'll run better if you aren't a few quarts low on spiritual oil. If the gauge doesn't read "Full", bring in another gold sun.

Open your eyes, bend over and touch the floor, draining any tension from the back of your neck, then stand up, and stretch.

There is a progression with this technique. After grounding for ten minutes a day for a week or two, notice your grounding cord at the very end, while you're standing with your eyes open. Continue to ground with your eyes open and standing, and bring in another gold sun. Each day, increase the amount of time that you ground standing up with your eyes open.

After a week or two practicing this, add walking while grounded. Just notice your grounding cord as you walk. Say hello to the center of the planet while you walk. Bring in a gold sun while you walk.  If you lose your grounding cord, stop walking and recover it. If you have to, sit back down and close your eyes and create a new grounding cord.

After this, you're ready to take your grounding cord with you into your daily life. Shopping. Getting coffee. Wherever you go, you can ground. This, combined with a little amusement about seeing new things on an energy level, will keep you safe and sound.

Now that you're here, at the end of your grounding meditations, create a gold sun over your head. This time, fill it with your highest creative essence, your present time growth vibration, and your affinity for yourself. The first energy is a healing for you. The second is a healing for your body. The third is a healing for your affinity in your fourth chakra.

Bend over and touch the floor. Stand up and stretch. If you're ready for more, sit back down and ground some more. Otherwise, have a nice day!

Note that every image you imagine, the gold sun, the grounding cord, the center of the planet, your first chakra, your body parts, is exercising your clairvoyance. You may be imagining what your tailbone looks like, but you're also creating the image of your tailbone and reading its energy. This is practicing your clairvoyant ability. Maybe you need some new friends or only hang out with the ones with good vibes. Try this. Sit in a chair. Close your eyes. Take a deep breath. Feet flat on the floor. Hands separated and resting palms up on each thigh.

Create a grounding cord. This is a line of energy that connects your first chakra to the center of the planet. Your first chakra is a ball of energy about the size of a quarter that sits just in front of the base of your spine. Your grounding cord attaches to the bottom of that ball of energy.

Grounding makes your body feel safe, so you release energy more easily. Gravity pulls whatever you release, even your own energy, down to the center of the planet. No effort on your part. The center of the planet neutralizes the energy and returns it to whoever owns it. No karma for anyone. A virtuous cycle.

Nearly everyone goes to connect to the center of the planet the first time but stops at the soil, often making roots like a tree. This is a method that is taught in some martial arts styles, but it is not the best option for your spiritual development and healing.

So, notice the seat of your chair. Take a deep breath. Notice the distance between the seat and the floor. Now notice the distance between the floor and the soil below. Breathe.

Now notice the distance between the soil and the water table underneath. Notice the distance between the water table and the rocky mantle. Notice the distance between the mantle and the molten core below that. Deep breath.

Notice the distance between the molten core and the center of the planet. That ball of light at the very center of the planet is where you connect your grounding cord. Deep breath.

Say hello to the center of the planet. Do you get a hello back?

Notice the color and texture of your grounding cord. It may look like a line of energy, or look like something physical; a rope, a wire, a pipe, a tree trunk. Adjust it as needed to be in affinity with your body.

Getting this far means you've already released some energy from your aura and body. Now it is time to fill in the space that was created.

Create a gold sun over your head. Have it call back all of your energy from wherever you left it throughout your day and week. Work. School. Online meetings. Video games. Your fantasies about your future. Your regrets about your past. Wherever you've placed your attention. Just watch the energy come back and see if you notice where it came from.

Have the sun burn up and neutralize your energy. Then bring the sun into the top of your head. It will automatically flow into the spaces you created. Create a gauge to measure when you're full. Like a fuel gauge or oil gauge. You'll run better if you aren't a few quarts low on spiritual oil. If the gauge doesn't read "Full", bring in another gold sun.

Open your eyes, bend over and touch the floor, draining any tension from the back of your neck, then stand up, and stretch.

There is a progression with this technique. After grounding for ten minutes a day for a week or two, notice your grounding cord at the very end, while you're standing with your eyes open. Continue to ground with your eyes open and standing, and bring in another gold sun. Each day, increase the amount of time that you ground standing up with your eyes open.

After a week or two practicing this, add walking while grounded. Just notice your grounding cord as you walk. Say hello to the center of the planet while you walk. Bring in a gold sun while you walk.  If you lose your grounding cord, stop walking and recover it. If you have to, sit back down and close your eyes and create a new grounding cord.

After this, you're ready to take your grounding cord with you into your daily life. Shopping. Getting coffee. Wherever you go, you can ground. This, combined with a little amusement about seeing new things on an energy level, will keep you safe and sound.

Now that you're here, at the end of your grounding meditations, create a gold sun over your head. This time, fill it with your highest creative essence, your present time growth vibration, and your affinity for yourself. The first energy is a healing for you. The second is a healing for your body. The third is a healing for your affinity in your fourth chakra.

Bend over and touch the floor. Stand up and stretch. If you're ready for more, sit back down and ground some more. Otherwise, have a nice day!

Note that every image you imagine, the gold sun, the grounding cord, the center of the planet, your first chakra, your body parts, is exercising your clairvoyance. You may be imagining what your tailbone looks like, but you're also creating the image of your tailbone and reading its energy. This is practicing your clairvoyant ability. It could be a multitude of different things but in my opinion from the description of the feeling you had it seems your consciousness had traveled somewhere. The dangerous feeling you had may have been just that but it also could’ve been your ego trying to keep you stabilized in this plane and bring you back. That’s just my two cents the first part when you said you visualize the outside and the living room you could be seeing the present what’s happening right know you might have the ability to someone’s else’s past life Only time will tell if your psychic is accurate.

My advice is to live your life without giving too much weight to predictions like this. The time of marriage and number of children is up to the querent and can be changed bc the universe gives us free will. Hmm, I don't know. I honestly wouldn't put much stock in it. Maybe it will happen, maybe it won't, just don't hold any expectations of it happening so you don't end up disappointed when it doesn't. Very interesting. I definitely think our energy affects our abilities and strength. I can't do anything fancy with fire but I can control the candle flames..making them still, flicker or bend to the direction of my hand. I can make my matches burn out almost immediately after I use them.. they usually burn a third of the stick then go out suddenly or very slowly diminish. When I'm tired I can't do it I'm too weak.  I definitely think your anger could of fueled something. Never seen it done but I've witnessed people who's toxic energy created poltergeist activity and I guess that's kind of the same concept with energy manipulation. Yes it does. Manipulating elements fall under the realm of more advanced psychic ability. Very interesting experience you shared. Maybe you have a latent ability for pyrokinesis and through proper work you could probably learn to channel it. There was a chi master who could  create fire at will...there was a YouTube video also. If you're still finding the real you I guess you have a long way to go first is knowing what you're and can do and it left for us to want to leave a different life all together call it disguise or whatever I got mine so haha 😆 I have never witnessed this myself, but I don’t disbelieve it. Each of the element has _siddhi_, which includes manipulation of Fire. Further, there is a developmental path for it — I have heard some neigong schools develop enough personal energy to pull something like this off, without relying on emotional outbursts. I could do telekinesis, its definitely possible to manipulate anything. You just have to meditate and practice it. You felt remorse and in other ways I can empathize with how you felt, so kudos. I’ve always wanted to trigger/try combustion/pyrokenisis, but it hasn’t happened to me…yet…probably for the best. Have tried connecting with fire, but haven’t been as successful as you. I may have accidentally burned my apartment down. I was in a really bad mental space for a while. I was living in a studio apt, dealing with the emotional fallout of a bad breakup, and my friends had moved away so I was spending way too much time alone. Anyway, I went home to my parents house for my birthday weekend. After getting on the train, I suddenly started worrying I had left my space heater on, which would be a fire hazard. When I got home, I told my parents how miserable I felt in my apartment. I remember a moment being in my room and thinking I’d just find a way out of the lease and move back to my parents. I ended up getting a text from the landlord later that day that there was a fire that started in the buildings heater (not my space heater) and my apartment was ruined, lease ended. 

Not as dramatic as something bursting into flame in front of your eyes but still curious. Well what you think is a barrier your abilities might just turn out to be the reason why you get almost best at it, you're experiencing this cause you're yet to fully comprehend what you capable of. With proper guidance and spiritual actions, I'm confident you're getting past this Have you been seeing lights or being very sensitive lately it's a sign to open your third eyes if you're more of a spiritual being than you thought you were I take medication for my OCD, it helps, but there are breakthrough moments sometimes unfortunately. Usually I can tell it's my OCD when the thought is really negative. So how does that knowledge help you in this life? 

Does it inspire you? is it highlighting some fear you have about embracing your own skills? something else? 

Past lives highlight where we are working on "karma" from that life or parallel to it (in that life we were working on the same issues) ... find that and you'll have your clarity. Come to peace with your past and let light and love follow you Reincarnation is a definite possibility, but it's advisable to learn why you're a Reincarnation nothing happens without reason. Nature's first law Hey! Long time practitioner here with an ecclectic background mostly in Alchemy. 

These traditions of other people gifting things are specific to different types of practice and cultures. There is nothing wrong with buying yourself any of the spiritual items you need or want in order to grow, and the way you acquire your items can be specific to your beliefs. 

Furthermore, what you think and believe will become the truth. If you feel like it's bringing you negativity, then it will. If you truly believe it is protective, then it is. Your belief and your intention with the item is far more powerful than any natural power that item has in and of itself. 

IF you are so bothered by this situation, you can amend it pretty easily by gifting these items to someone else and partnering up with a mentor or other practitioner who can gift you what you seek. No matter what, your beliefs about these things are what will become reality. 

Spirituality is what you make it, and your practice is uniquely your own. You can make your own rules in accordance with your reality. 

These are just my opinions, and others may have better insight that's more aligned with your practice. I hope this helped you a little, and you find the answers you're looking for! I can’t speak to the evil eye items (I’ve never heard you shouldn’t buy your own btw) but certainly I think the idea of not being able to buy your own tarot cards is outdated superstition at best, and gate keeping at worst. 

You want to learn tarot to educate and empower yourself… but you have to wait for someone else to buy you a deck? Nah, you want it, you buy it! Empower yourself! There are so many styles and types of decks, only you know what calls and suits you so why put that power in someone else’s hands if the aim to empower yourself? You want it, you go get it! 

I’ve bought myself both tarot decks and evil eye bracelets, no issues whatsoever. Try and take away all the bad energies and replace the with only good ones let love and light lead you I can help you so you get stuffs that can help you chase away this evil eyes you don't need much dm It's not bad luck , we Arabs and Turks believe that they're Haram(prohibited in Islam)  bc they're considered amulets in our religion but if you're not Muslim you can wear them , we believe turquoise stone and Nazar amulets  ward off the evil eye due to their blue colour :) I have this happen.  I can generally judge when someone is going to die that I don't know, and I've had..idk, sort of premonitions.   I think alot of times, when it is someone you know, it's kind of a way to say goodbye.  My nephew had very clear dreams of his mother b4 she was found.  Last great aunt that died ( I thought she was gone..98!)...I had a dream of a family reunion, where I was asking my dead granny...what are you doing here?  You are dead!  She told me family is coming, she's making potato salad.  Lol...what do you say to that!?
Anyway, I just leave those thoughts to myself.  Most the time, ppl are better not knowing. IMHO. I've known my friends and family are terminal, and if there's treatment possibility. It's more common than people talk about. Think of this... They use animals to detect illness, right? Aren't we all evolved animals? We often let self doubt and life bury our gifts Yes! That’s the basis of mediumship Absolutely! And they have somehow bonded to you for reasons only they know… could be a long passed relative that youd never met, could be you remind them of someone from their lifetime… I feel like sometimes spirits gravitate towards certain living people not because of their gifts but because it gives them purpose. An example would be a motherly-type spirit that seems to calm or console your infant when they cry…. Or a protective type spirit that makes a noise when you aren’t paying attention to something that could harm you. Very possible and very common :) 
You are not crazy!
I’ve had many visits of the sort from all types of passed on people. How do they look like? It's real even some of us know this hard fact as real humans but we try to run away from the truth especially if it's not happening to you then it's not an issue Of course they can, I asked if I was on the right track and I’ve heard two knocks(to keep it vague). Don’t forget, communication doesn’t just have to be words its very interesting, I think fever puts us into meditative state of mind. I also start seeing behind the vail when im feverish. when I was 4, I had a massive fever, had a crazy sleeping night. when i woke up i ran to my grandma (I dont remember this) I jumped at her and hysterically started telling her i remember i am not from this family, i remember my real family in Chaldea, told her my name words, sentences, our culture and living situation, historical facts etc, she was clueless what Chaldea was and phoned my grandpa who was at work. he told her to write down every single thing im saying, because chaldea was an ancient civilization and the facts im spewing are on point. 

its fun to hear someone talk about fevers, I always felt they were very "psychedelic". I’ve seen the dead and spirits my whole life, but it really got cranked up when I had a 104 fever at the age of 5. From that point on, it seemed to accelerate abilities I already had. I’ve hear medium John Edward say he always has heightened abilities when he’s under the weather and I still do too, especially when it’s something that puts pressure on my head like a sinus infection or fever with headache. I remember hearing him say that and feeling better about it. I too am able to read peoples minds by feeling their emotions strongly within me. With some people their thoughts enter into my own head as if they are mine. It can be confusing, overwhelming and at times draining. I’ve learned to steer clear of certain people. Interesting. I actually had this last night I think— not for the first time, and it was very mild. But I think I ate something that made me a little sick, and I was running what felt like a low fever and as I was in bed I felt WAY more tuned in than usual… so funny to see this post the next morning! Hallucinations of any kind are an indication that the veil is lifted. If you can understand what you see/hear and it's not just internally driven nonsense like a fever dream or random drug trip, then you're experiencing true ESP. Hi, I’ve experienced similar when I’ve been VERY angry at people and have been able to tap into their minds. On two occasions I “puppeteered” a (minor) accident to happen to certain individuals and it really happened according to my hands’ movements if that makes sense. I feel bad about these things after, so I choose to not keep trying to develop this gift. I am suppressing it and not feeding into my negative emotions and energies. Watch giving in to negative energy. You may think they deserve whatever comes but let's not forget the transgressions you have done to others. Giving into negativity is akin to playing with fire while intoxicated. It will come to engulf you before you know it. Control your thoughts/emotions, by sending out negative energy, or evil/hate filled thoughts you can indeed harm people. 

If you feel like your going to have something bad happen to someone when you consciously dont want to, remove your self and mind from the situation, think of forgiveness, mercy, love.

I "suffer" from the same ability, but mine is controlled, i have to make a conscious effort to get it done or not, depending on how badly the person fucked me over. It sounds like your displeasure may be manifesting. Emotions= energy in motion, as a teal swan video said.

I would look at finding a way to rephrase your feelings so you could still work with them without such overt chaos. When it comes down to it, though, you're going to have to stop being petty, even in the recesses of your own mind. Suppress the petty or dangerous feeling if you can, or let it go completely without holding onto it outside of you at all. It's a frustrating idea, I know, but you are not alone in this among those who pay attention even when reality scares them or does not make full sense. 

Of course, you shouldn't hope to do this for all emotions, even bad and painful ones at all times--for our emotions are our biggest internal compasses--but if something disproportional or dangerous for the moment comes up in impulse, you're going to have to get rid of it as it is in that form. Another way to work through such feelings is to acknowledge that you have the magic to transmute those emotions into productive emotions and manifestations. 

You are a soul having a human experience, and an expression of the divine expressing and coming to know itself through the aspect of it that is you. That is not to say that any is necessarily less important than the rest, but you can reach upwards or downwards for clarity at times like this. Much of what you are truly asking can only truly be concluded and brought closure by you, and by somebody in your shoes who knows you as you do. All evil is ultimately just an indestructible light seeping out through twisted and corruptive confusions--a potential for a new tool or truth's attainment--wether or not any may be able to unknot the messiness at this time. All of us must delve in to some degree, but lose yourself in it and you will functionally become evil through that corruptive confusion and its pain. All power is weakness well-harmonized. I hope that brings you some solace. No action is inherently good or bad, but is in perspective of the details of its context.

Honestly seek the truth of yourself and the truth around you, and remedy those feelings for what they should be; for what you should best have them be, at any time. Do not turn your eyes away when it is your responsibility to do all you can. And as per a quote from Ascendance of a Bookworm from a terrifyingly cutthroat but extremely wise noble that says this well; 

>*Had you failed to do something that was within your capabilities, then that would absolutely be worth reflecting on. But there’s no use bemoaning something that you knew you couldn’t do from the very beginning, since no amount of thinking will change that fact.*

To my understanding, you have just strengthened a direct connection source enough for this to happen. I'm sure it must be scary for it to come with no instructions and insufficient gateways to make sure you had the right foundations to responsibly control all of this... but I believe, at least, our wishes and strong emotions about that will one day power enough of a force to bend the current soft-laws of existence enough to save future generations that struggle.

Till then, may the weird ones find sanity and light in one another. 


*This is my best understanding, of course. Another thing I have heard of is that we all slightly live in our own slightly different universes, which collide and can even contradict, hence anything could be invalidated for you and still be true for me. Of course, there's also the much simpler doubt that I could be wrong or just fail to see this mutual situation accurately. ...I think I'm gonna need you to run for congress... If you wish to control this, but aren't up to putting in the work to become a better person who doesn't seek to harm others out of lower emotions like anger, jealousy or insecurity, then you should contain yourself. Literally. Just as we can call 8n a protective shield around ourselves, we can shield others from our weaker, lower tendencies. I accidentally manifested a negative outcome - some teens sat near to my wife and I when they had the whole park to sit at. I sent a strong 'Go Away' - and two minutes later one of the kids yelled with huge malice at another one and much upset.

I felt really bad - all I meant was for them to move a little way away.

Was not aware that this was possible (I am new).

I am being really careful not to get mad at anyone and have decided that unconditional love is my default projection. Ouuu interesting I once knew a girl (long story short) her stepdad was abusive and one day he locked her in her room and she was crying and she heard someone say “he’s gonna pay for this” she looks up and sees some guy (a ghost) and he says “he’s gonna pay for hurting you” next thing Yk he gets in a car crash and almost dies and loses his house and his gf (her mom) left.

For your situation I’d say your mood affects the things around you AMAZING look into “the double slit experiment” it’s something that deals with quantum physics/ meta physics but good luck with your findings lol My ex husband fell off his roof! People are products of their environments. If there is something bad, there is a reason. Don't hate, help. Give it to me, I would gladly have it. It's not that hard to do it. Maybe find some sort of outlet to get all of the negativity out so that when you do get angry, it won't have much "power" to it and won't hurt the person or situation surrounding it. Sounds like maybe your a PK agent of some kind? Which you project negative energy, even if it's subconscious. That will build and can create a poltergeist (made up of a person's negative energy) and after feeding it so much then it can break away from you and become it's own entity and that could become dangerous because once it separates from you completely then you can't control what it does any longer. If it hasn't gone that far then having healthy outlets will make it die down and become powerless since you'll be able to control it..

Different practices like yoga, Tai chi, different therapies like psychotherapy can help weaken it if you wish to give it a try.. [deleted] No one has the ability to control other people in that way. Your into this subject matter, we see what we want to see. 

The people you feel you influenced in your life, are fuck ups. I’m that case my dear, let me tell you about this fellow named Mr. Putin and some of the terrible things he’s doing In Ukraine. I think you should ask yourself how much do you believe the world and the people in it (as well as what happens to them as they are continuously experiencing the effects of their own actions and the effects of infinite number of other influential factors in life every moment of every day) revolve around you.

You are not considering the millions of other measurable and unnoticeable factors that dictate how well someone is doing in life (or not doing in life).

And it would be foolish to believe that all of these things are controlled by you simply being mad at someone.

This is narcissism. It's a third eye projection, I've had them too. When your upper psychic centers are more advanced than your lower ones, you can project out of the brow or crown center when having an out of body experience My soul sat up and stood up out of my body once, but it didn't look like that. It was very organized and seemed to have a well defined form. I did experience it first, as coming out of my face, but that's just because that's where eyes are located. It was body shaped, made of white light grid layers and once it was out of my face and sat up, I realized it came out of my entire body in the same manner which I saw it exit my face. 


I am forever looking for others who have seen their soul and was super glad to see your post! I had a spontaneous Astral projection while I was awake once.  One second I was lying down but allert and awake.  The next I was standing over my body directly over my head. I didn't go anywhere, just stood there looking at myself through my hands thinking, this is cool.

My friends mother came and stood in the door and started talking to me.  I could see her lips moving but not hear her.

I thought she is going to think I am rude if I don't respond, and the next minute I was sucked back in through my forhead between the eyes ( so face) 🙃 

So to answer your question, yes I have. I wonder if that is where everyone leaves and enters? Yes, it happens from time to time. 

Astral projection sounds like what you are doing. Keep going, you’ll discover many new things. I believe claircognizance Or they end up showing up No to be rude, but does it matter? Giving too much significance to words will actually weaken that power. Just feel what it is and build on it. Much love It's not a effing gift. It is a natural occurrence and happens often to alot of people. You are just weighing it heavier than others. Intent I think.  If your emotional, it might be your spirit/soul trying to fix the situation.  If your not thinking about something and something pops in your head, it’s probably intuition. That’s why a lot of people can’t read for themselves, you have an emotional attachment to the outcome. Especially with reading cards because there are so many different meanings a particular card can hold based on positioning & adjoining cards, it’s easy to see the meaning we’d like to see rather than stay detached and see other meanings. Especially when it’s something you really want. 

Sometimes it gets easier with age and experience to differentiate the difference between instinct & want, sometimes it doesn’t get easier so it’s up to you to take control. The future is malleable anyway, any prediction is a probable not a certainty anyway, so take charge of the situation. Do whatever you can do in the here & now to achieve that future you want. Let’s say this thing you want is to go to live in a particular town, you have a gut instinct you will but you want it so badly, you aren’t sure whether it’s really gut instinct you feel or just an overwhelming want. So forget the psychic for a moment and get into the physical instead. Do you have a place to live lined up? Start signing up to letting agents & view their properties. Do you have a job there or a college place there? Start applying for jobs/college places there. Are your finances in check? Have you considered how to physically move? Have you got removal quotes? Are you preparing mentally to move? What about the social life? Look up any local social media sites dedicated to the place. Check out the sites for the local takeaways, library, public transport! Anything that you can practically do to make this want a reality, do it & pay attention to your intuition whilst you do. Do you feel in line, is this flowing effortlessly to reach that goal? Or are you hitting stumbling blocks or even brick walls? Google "derivation of intuition". It doesn't mean what it's commonly used to mean.

Intuition does not mean desire. Wishful thinking does not mean desire. When you want something, you go after it. That is your will being imposed on your reality. And you will fail to get many things you desire. It takes practice to discipline and refine your will. 

And it's not a matter of strength alone. Or magic. Or intent. All the details matter, the most important detail being you must be yourself. If you are being false, meaning not true to yourself, how will the things you want ever find you? All the time, so much so when I tell my family they immediately take it serious and look for the dream playing out. Dreams others were pregnant, us moving, people going through things, world events, even celebrities in odd ways before finding out they were very ill and anything weird and random in between. Not an exact science, just randomly. Woke up from really weird and detailed dream and it played out that very day. Just weird lol In middle school once I dreamt that my boyfriend was going to break up with me and he did the very next day. Other than that I’ve dreamt very mundane things that eventually ended up happening, just snippets of unimportant conversations kind of thing.  I remember seeing my sis getting married in one of my dream. I was looking outside of my house to see a beach setting and my sis and bro in law getting married but for some reason I was unable to go outside and join in. 2 years later they married in Cozumel Mexico beach theme and sadly I was unable to make it from all my siblings. I also remember seeing my mom in a dream standing in the shower bleeding from her leg same thing years later she was at work when a blood clot busted she went into the ER. Used to write my dreams down habitually got a few dream journals. Need to go back to that fs. In all my dreams I’m in the afterlife, but on purpose. I was with my ex girlfriend and her female family members in a lucid dream. But a month later, after not hearing from her in 10 years, she messaged me the day I failed a suicide attempt! So I think I’m often with her as I sleep and in the afterlife! Once I dreamt of finding two quarters on the ground and the next day I did. Yes, I’ve had several of these dreams. Sometimes about big events, sometimes about small ones. Sometimes about people I’m not close to. I dreamed about when one of my uncles would die when I was a kid. Also about a life event for one of my aunts. Dreamed about a grade I got (got the exact one). Dreamed about some girl and a guy breaking up in a class I had.. wasn’t close to them at all. Had no clue about their private life. All the time, but it's usually really mundane, annoying 'glitch in the matrix' deja vu kind of stuff.

Just once I wish it was lottery numbers. All the time. I predicted my siblings & their names, wars, the fall of the Berlin Wall, Covid, my disillusionment with Christianity and the absolute insanity of Covid. 20 yrs ago I woke from a horrendous nightmare that was causing a panic attack right then. This happens multiple times every single year but I could never get past the horror of the millions of people dying to understand what it was or meant. I just knew it was a worldwide issue and health related. I was petrified for the future which sent me to a dark place. I couldn’t talk to anyone about it more than tangentially bc it made no sense in certain respects. All those horrible premonitions came true. No judgment on any religion here. When I was around 13 I dreamed once that I got up from bed and walked downstairs where a white paperback copy of the Book of Mormon was sitting on the counter. In the dream I asked my dad where it came from and he said some LDS guys had just dropped it off. I woke up that morning and went downstairs and there was a black paperback copy of the Book of Mormon. I asked my dad where it came from and he said some LDS guys just dropped it off. As far as I know there’s not really been any meaning to it other than to give me an interesting experience. My brother had been flirting with a girl for 2 years, stuck in a friendzone. One night I dreamed the two of them kissing, that day they kissed and started dating! I dreamed of a place I ended up working at YEARS later, it was just a moment of me putting beer bottles into a shelf. Then I had déjà vu of that same moment in real life at that job, a few minutes later two men came in and we had an armed robbery 🤷‍♀️ it was like a little warning Yeah. Shooting at a college in my state, friends’ pets dying, my dog dying, future work stress five years before I worked there, infertility/babies dying years in advance, a scene from current office window years before I worked there, old job shifting to a bad organizational culture, getting cheated on, getting dumped, my dad having a heart attack one year ahead but same date, this random flower on a table, which I saw the next day at a restaurant and then the interaction resulting in losing my best friend that same night (was 11 years ago or so (still miss them)), and a bunch of signs that led me to adopting my dog (a certain road I’d never seen before, rainbow, bear statue). My grandparents have shown up and warned me of things ahead and given advice. I think in one my grandma was warning me about Covid, but it was a confusing one. I wish I’d dream of something good happening. I dreamed of a positive pregnancy test right in my face.. the next day I went to get one and I was pregnant My craziest story is back in 2009 I was living outside of DC. On the morning of June 22 I woke up at about 5am from a dream about a train crash. Later that day at 5 pm a DC metro train crashed. 

That is definitely my most profound and prophetic dream on an event. I have definitely had more mundane dreams of kind of basic interactions come true.  

I’ve had some covid related dreams in 2020-2021 that have turned out true. I dreamt the Russians starting a war but I thought at the time they’d be attacking the US I dreamt of a drone flying at the start of the war in Afghanistan. Later I saw that same drone in news footage about the war. I had never seen it before that dream. trigger warning: pregnancy loss 

i had a dream id had a miscarriage. it was really vivid and i woke up looking for blood, but baby was still alive at that time. exactly 30 days later i found out i’d had a missed miscarriage 2 weeks earlier. I also have a lot of experiences  first time I noticed it was when i was 14 years old I had a dream where  me and my brother going to a house painted white.  A family friend of ours were there and they had 2 computers and they gave us one computer. A long time after this dream my parents build a new house and it was painted white , when we moved their , this family friend was our neighbor and they gifted us a computer. I was very shocked to realise that I actually visioned the same thing a long before it happened, after that I had many more dreams where I saw the future  sometimes I am now able to identify which of the dream is going to happen in real and which are not. I had a dream I was in an unfamiliar city at night, walking around trying to find my way. 3 weeks later the exact scenario played out. Exact streets, intersections, even the people i saw. It was 3 am or so and I was alone. I ended up finding myself in Alimony California. My dead father was the one who's ran me through the dream before it happened I’ve had 3 big ones and some not as important. 
1. I dreamt my grandfather passed away and found out the next day he died at 4am, so while I was having that dream probably. 
2. My bf is in the military and I once dreamt he was screaming “Rayco! Watch out, Rayco…” stuff like that, and when we got in contact he told me how he and his partner Rayco (whose name I had never heard before that I remembered) got shot over their heads, they could hear the bullets hitting the rocks around them, but they were fine, no one got shot. 
3. When I was a teenager I dreamt I was getting married but the man I was marrying I had only seen once or twice in my life, it wasn’t my current bf (who I expected to be marrying in my dream) but he turned out to be my long term boyfriend, we moved out together and how things are going it looks like it might come true. I worked in a phone store and sold a sim card to a guy who killed someone. It took the cops 6 months or so to figure out it was him. 

During that time they interviewed me and asked if i could remember anything about the guy who bought it. The number on the sim was the last number to text her before she was found. 

I wasnt able to remember anything but i gave a statement and that was that. A couple weeks later i was thinking about the case and I was in a half awake/half asleep dream state. I asked kinda subconciously will they catch the guy who killed her. I remember seeing an image of a guy standing in court with a blue jumpsuit on. I remembered it vividly because it was a weird outfit for someone in that situation. 

A few weeks later I see in the paper that they have solved the case and the dude is standing there in his blue jumpsuit. Yeah. I have a quite sad/bad dating history and it was depressing for me at one point that I couldn’t find anyone that would be good for me. It got to a point where I was extremely angry for months at the universe because of this. 
Then one day I had a dream, that I would meet a tall, handsome, dark haired man, with great gentleman manners that I will be in a relationship with. I looked surprised he was so kind to me and I was very happy. A month later I started dating exactly that guy, and I still am. I’m so happy. Constantly All the time. Whatever it is always happens the very next day. Last night I dreamt of making candles. Today was the hottest day of the year and  I had to fix one of my candles because it melted I dreamed of two places I later worked at. These were only a few seconds I remembered and it was akin to deja vu, but I know I dreamed it. And I have seen houses and buildings from dreams here. The dreams tend to be unpleasant and I get a gross feeling when I see somewhere from dreams.  Edit for a word I’ve had many small dreams of things that happened later on. Most of the time it’s me being somewhere at a specific place and something happening. Or it would be parts of a conversation. One time I dreamed of a kickball game I took part in. There were a few familiar faces on my team and some on the other. It also turned out we lost. A week or so later, we play kickball, with some people I know, and lose. This has happened to me more times than I can count. I dreamt that I was telling people I will get vaccine on 12/1! And everyone corrected me “no no no. Your vaccine date is 1/12!” Even the airline tweeted at me telling me my date is 1/12.  Few months later in real life, I got Covid on 1/12 in another country. I dreamt that I was at the wedding of my Swedish friend. I hadn’t seen her in 5 years and hadn’t spoken to her since about 4 irl. In the dream, she was getting married but we couldn’t find the groom. The wedding never happened. 

When I woke up, I decided to text her and visit since it had been so long. I told her my dream and she informed me she broke up with her bf that day I had the dream I had a dream about a tree branch falling and crushing my car, the following day I pulled into my driveway and thought about the dream and pulled into a different spot (more for shits and giggles than anything else) , when I came back out to my car a 9 foot branch was laying in my usual parking spot. My car was completely fine but I came out and just kinda stood there like 😧 I was had a dream my step mom & little sister came to visit (from California) and when i woke up they were actually there😂 I had a dream that my brother shot people from out of his car. I brushed it off. I knew he was hanging with not great ppl but I didn’t think anything of it. 2 weeks later I got a call that my brother shot 2 people (he says it’s self defense which I believe) I have dreamt situations in first person, and thinking by myself, as time pases, i get in a situation where im thinking and doing the same as my dream

Dreams can be months apart or in situations where im not used to be, but somehow i get in the situation and become reallity

I was cooking today (ham&egg) i dont usually cook that, like, it is the first time in about 2 months. In my dream, i was thinking to myself about how much I'm struggling with my job and studies, and that i cannot put 100% focus in none of them, this while cooking ham and eggs. 

There was a point in the reallity where I started to talk internally and complain about time and how i could not focus 100% in none of them, this started with an internal rant cuased by a teacher who made me redo my project.

I have had another situation where i was with a Friend's sister and someone asked about vgetarian food, we were with a Group and in some sort of circle.

 I dont used to go out with her, this was actually the first and only time i did, so, we went out with her friends and then, boom at the end of the night we seated in the back of a pickup truck, gathered in a circle, and a friend of hers start talking about vegetarian food All of my dreams become reality. I will list a few of them

•Moving into my own place (a week after a fight with my narc mom - I moved out and have been on my own ever since) it’s been almost 10years 

•Graduating with Honours 

•Having my place decorated the exact way that I envisioned it 

•Getting my full driver’s licence 

•Traveling solo 

•Meeting people that match my vibration 

•Self publishing my own material 

•Financial stability 

I’ll leave it there. Hope this was helpful. Yeppp…. Dreamt about the university/college I would go to at 21. Was dreaming about it constantly since I was 14. Dreamt about friends and professors I would make at Judson and meet. Dreamt about one of my exes asking me out and dreamt about my boyfriend now. Dreamt about random things about celebrities too like music and babies and weird random things. Dreamt about boring mundane things that come true later on. Dreamt about my uncle passing away. Had my grandma visit me a few times in dreams and give me messages as well. Been happening since I was kid and it for some reason gotten stronger as I got older instead of disappearing like most people experiences. But the thing is I don’t do anything to do practice it to make it stronger just happens. Also I dream about random information about people I shouldn’t know. It’s very weird because I’m only person in my family who has psychic abilities. I’m kind of an odd ball and don’t fit in at all. Last night I dreamt i was with my mom and my ex who cheated on me last lockdown she turned against me fully for him. I moved out she moved him in but dreamt she had a black eye from him last night and it was one of those powerful dreams you wake up with all the emotions running wild stay with you for weeks after. I hope not but also think poetic justice if true. I dreamed she was cheating on me too. 

First dream I was searching for her in my dream I found her but then we parted ways immediately she went off with small group. I went the other way with my small group. To then more dreams like it and guy involved. Weeks later learned there was a new guy and she was totally lost to me. 

If she even needed me though ide help her ide beat him bad show him how much he's ruined me. I'm just waiting to get to family court to get my kids access he controls everything as far as I can tell. She wanted to co parent be freinds just so sorry this happened but is happening. She chooses him after 14yrs. Pulled me inside out. Its been a year now she's already had his baby its just all insane. 


But my mum did this to my step dad too. One night a week before I found out trying to talk to her feeling distant I fold her all about my mums story even though my ex knew that story I reminded her no idea why how she went off and married a psycho who beat her so much she ran 100s of miles to escape him after 17yrs with my step dad and shed beat him he'd take it. Same as me if my ex couldn't win an argument and sure we had many but ide laugh her off once she starts gorilla pounding on me.


But you cant go talking about dreams can you lol. I just hope she knows if she did need me shed only have to ask. She might be a monster to me now but still my girls mom. I dreamt about the Bali bombings a few days before it happened..I was 16? I was in the immediate aftermath of the bombing outside and people were running and freaking out in chaos and there was huge fire lighting up the sky and palm trees. I knew it was something terrible. 

I was so disturbed by the dream I told my mum and sister about it and said I was worried something bad was going to happen. They assured me it was just a dream and maybe tied to anxiety from 9/11

My sister came into my bedroom a few days later and asked me did I remember the dream I had had and I said yes of course why? And she told me a nightclub in Kuta, Bali had been bombed as part of a targeted terrorist attack. I dreamt of COVID 

MH370

Hilary Clinton getting shafted

A few mass shootings, felt like I'd astral travelled to take the place of the victims so their souls were saved so-to-speak, felt the horror, heard the footsteps, the sensation of knowing you're in your final moments. Most make peace with it, or maybe that was me. All the time.  The dreams seem to have a slight ringing to them and a glow which always makes them stand out more.  Anyways, when I was a kid my mom had a new-ish boyfriend and I dreamt that his name wasn’t actually what everyone had been calling him by.  I tried to tell her the next day that “Steven” was using a false name and hiding something.  She didn’t believe me and we ended up in a pretty severe argument whereby she laughed at me because she thought it was a silly dream and I needed to grow up. Fast forward about 6 months and “Steven” was arrested by the US Marshall’s at his place of work.  He’d been on the run from another state for weapons charges and using his brothers identity.  I’ve had predictive dreams my whole life and after that incident my mother always paid close attention to them. Lol. When I finished my official high school exams, I was anxious about the mark and place I would get. I kept having anxious dreams about it all the time. One week before the exam results were out, I dreamt about them, and I saw the name of the student who got the highest mark in the entire district; I saw his full name clearly and the mark he got. In the dream I was sad it wasn't me because I got an average mark compared to his. I was still journaling my dreams back then, so I wrote down the dream I had including his name and his mark when I woke up. One week later, results come out, I pass, average grade, all is good. But another week goes by and it hits me that I still don't know who got the highest mark. I look it up, and sure enough, his name was there along with the mark. I was confused for a second because I was sure I have heard that name before, only how and where? and it instantly hits me, I open the journal and it's the exact same name.. was a strange experience. I've seen my children before they were born.

found things that were misplaced

Witnessed a man getting a DUI even when he wasn't driving.

lots of other unverifiable incidents i had a dream when i was around 6 years old that there was a “bad lady” who was trying to hurt people and i drew a picture of what she looked like and what she was wearing, showed it to my mom and she thought it was strange but we both just forgot about it until like eight months later. i grew up going to church, now i’m a satanist lol, and my mom witnessed the exact woman from my dream wearing the exact outfit i drew on her “attempting to put a curse” on the pastor during the sermon. (i put it in quotation marks because i wasn’t there and that might’ve been an exaggeration) regardless my mom was absolutely shocked that i had dreamt of the same woman months ago. Last week I dreamt my partner was fired from his job-which he started a month and a half ago- he called me the same day to let me know he was fired.

Dreamt he found another better job, 2 days later he finds a job 4 minutes walking from home in front of the beach cooking paella- what he actually loves- and is making a better wage, first day was yesterday
——-

Asides from that I always dream when a relative is dying. Thanks to this my mom could rush to my grandpa’s side before he died If this ever happened life would be bizarre Kinda random, but once I lost my favorite hairbrush, looked everywhere I thought it could be and couldn’t find it. Bought a similar one but it just wasn’t the same. Months later I had a dream where I looked under my dresser and found my hairbrush, woke up, looked under my dresser, and there it was. When I was younger, I had a few premonitions via dreams. I had a dream that my great-grandfather (who I wasn't even close with) was sitting in a completely white room (think of what they show heaven to look like in TV and sitcoms), and when I woke up I found out that he had passed away.

Likewise I had a dream about my childhood cat dying, woke up to find he had also passed away that morning. I also had a dream before my grandfather (different one) died, that he was telling me what day he would pass on. That came to be true. My moms death. I walked into the hospital early in the morning, straight to her room, 5th floor, last bed on the corridor. She was lying surrounded by people wearing all black and were really tall. Then I woke up in tears. 
One year later. Everything happened exactly like my dream. Except for the the people wearing black. Maybe they were there but I couldn’t see them. The genders of both my son and daughter It sounds like your asking these psychics about the future. This indicates that you probably think the future is predetermined in some way or form. This is a misunderstanding.

All the psychics are seeing exactly what they see and interpreting it as best they know how. They aren't lying; they are telling you what they see.

Your expectation that the future is predictable instead of probable is what's causing your confusion.

Next time, ask them about a relationship that you have with someone in present time, like a parent or sibling. "Tell me about my relationship with X."  Often times, this is much more useful to you because the psychics are seeing the energy of your reality, not the energy of all possible futures and telling you about the strongest future energy at that moment. 

And it's also more fun! You don't have to wait to find out if the reading is useful or not. This is generally the result you get when you see many psychics for the same question. The future is always changing and energies can be difficult to interpret..and honestly many psychics misunderstand their capabilities. Did it occur to you that many of them aren't legit? What's so confusing? You don't just believe every stranger who tells you they are psychic. I have spoken to other people during travels, who spoke other languages than I do. At first, I tried to communicate in the small bits of their language which I do know. I quickly realized this was unnecessary as things just automatically translated for each of us. Surprised me. I knew someone who spoke three languages: Spanish as a mother language, and she learnt English during school and learnt Chinese while she lived in China for two years. I once asked her in what languages did she dream and she says it would be random at times but mostly it was, as of the time, in Chinese and I asked her If it was easy or if she had trouble understanding it while asleep as she was not 100%fluent, she could get by in China but not completely fluent, and she told me that her dreams had subtitles! Like it would be in Chinese and there'd be subtitles in English or Spanish! But her English or Spanish dreams never had subtitles in them. I've often heard languages I don't understand in the hypnogogic state. Because I took Spanish in high school I often have random dreams trying to speak it but none of it really makes sense. 😁 a couple of months ago i had a dream where i me and my friend were speaking in korean. when i was dreaming i didn’t realize it but when i woke up i was like -i didn’t know what we were talking about but i know we were speaking in korean- but the thing is korean is not my mother language I don’t remember which was first, I think a cat. But I remember being a cat, and then suddenly being a bird and flying. Next thing I remember I’m me, about a year or so old, and I’m falling off a riding toy splitting my chin open. I don’t remember specifics of the cat & bird- now it’s like a memory of a memory if that makes sense. I know when I was young (under 6) I probably could have given actual details. 

Funny thing is, I’ve yet to meet a cat that didn’t like me. My sister has a cat that’s the biggest asshole to everyone but an absolutely snuggle bug to me. He hisses and scratches anyone who tries to pick him up except me- he scratches lightly if I try to put him down. 
I’m terrified of heights, and falling, but I find flying very peaceful. I loved looking out the window and seeing all that openness below me. 
These are probably just coincidental but I think it’s interesting. You should read many lives many masters. Reincarnation is something I’ve always believed in and reading it through that lens and no skepticism was really cool. In regards to your question about genetics, my opinion and would say is that your soul chose everything about your path including “random” genetics. I believe there’s a lot less free will than we like to think. I’m kind of new to spiritually and stuff, but I think there’s a 95% chance reincarnation is true. I’ve heard so  many stories about kids knowing their past lives and all the details they said about a person they were in their past life ended up to be true it’s a very complex thing, as if unavoidable. i read it somewhere that in order to reincarnate, you must have no connections to the material world. how does one achieve such a thing? in this life, i’m on the search for answers :) I do believe in reincarnation. I know several people that have recollections or were able to see their past lives Some people have recollections. There's a show on Netflix about kids who remember and most of what they remembered was able to be verified. I watched a YouTube video last night about a woman who remembers being incarnated that was interesting. It's just the way this strange universe works. If you haven't found the answer inside, others who have can help.   We have all lived countless lives starting at the smallest bacterial level. We have maneuvered through the animal kingdom up to this point - consciously aware. Now it is time to graduate from the physical by burning any karmic tendencies we may hold. It could take many lifetimes or it could be done in an instant. Surrender. Let go of all attachment to this physical world. Understand that everything is in motion, constant change. Nothing ever stops, nothing ever stays. From family members to material items.  Habits and tendencies create karma. Karma is not a balance of right and wrong, good bad etc... Karma is attachment... And attachment is the cement that glues you to rebirth. If you want to break the cycle, be consciously aware in every moment. Surrender. Let go, be free. I asked my mentor why he was so able to be entirely care free and without stress, worry anxiety he said that he has lived life successfully thousands of times, this is one of my first times living an 'aware life' but that I was already impressive in my strength "It’s interesting that we have no recollections of our past lives."

What makes you think that's true? The U.S. threatened sanctions against China if they interfered with the Dalai Lama’s reincarnation..It was nestled in 2020 Covid Package Trump signed. No one knows for sure.
I am starting to believe that there are generational curses of abusive cycles within family units.
I also don't think that all members of a family in one life time will keep it going, like your grandparent becomes your grand child. I think it does go this way often but you can connect with karmic souls and soul mates in other ways. It's not always going to be blood relations.
You can be sent different karmics, it's only really the soul mates you need to connect with in each life time. As a soul contract goes. 
However when you regard the ancestral spirits, it does seem that what you give to others as a member of the family, you will get back in return, in one way or another.
The good and bad intentions will balance out as the energy has to find balance. I don’t believe in reincarnation but in Akashik files : a common memory of every that was lived.  And I prefer solidarity : we are all connected and make progress , received blessing for each other. when we choose selfishness, it is bad for all humanity (and creation) but it can be cured by love. A priest once told me that it can be the devil who’s putting those memories into the minds of children since it knows peoples pasts. I however still have my questions and doubts  🤷‍♀️ THERE GOES THE LAST GREAT AMERICAN DYNASTY! in a room of her own. I see it less as levels and more as a house with different floors and rooms on each floor; (e.g. main floor is psychic as a whole but basement is clairaudience. In the basement you have multiple rooms that showcase different aspects of clairaudience, some doors will just be open and you can just walk in and access. Some are closed but unlocked, you just need to be willing to open the door and step in to see what's ahead and most doors are locked, you have a key that opens most doors meaning you can train some of these abilities but they may not be something you just have automatic access to and some doors the key won't open the lock no matter what, these are skill you just aren't able to access.) Yeah there is so many different types of psychics. And even amongst different types you got different levels of this psychic ability. It's matching energy and permission. Being in close proximity to psychics creates more permission for your own abilities to open and flex a little bit. 

The part where you see the same thing the psychic is seeing is matching energy with their crown chakra and yours. 

That's the mechanism that the energy uses to create the experiences you describe. Culturally, there are a lot of different ways these same experiences get described, and often times the descriptions have nothing to do with the actual mechanism. 

But it's not scary, even when it scares you and you scream. It's just matching energy with permission to see energy and spirit. The most impressive tk demo I’ve seen (which is also completely unverifiable) was a pen being rolled across a table, and the woman who did it was totally exhausted after. Everything else I’ve seen or done my self is on an incredibly small scale like knocking a tiny piece of paper over. It’s basically an inconsistent parlor trick at best. A waste of time really. 

If you’re really set on it, the idea is to remove the false mental barrier of separation between you and the object. It should feel like an extension of you in the same way as your hand or foot does. Then you just move it. It takes deep concentration and a lot of energy. [removed] A LOT of meditating. You basically need to get to the levels where you're literally feeling energy and can form energy balls.

You can then use that energy harnessed and control it and move small objects. It takes quite a bit of work but is interesting nonetheless. Practice, it's not easy to do, it took me weeks to get a can rolling. I invite Archangel Michael, who has authority over all entities and demons.

Let's him handle it.

Peace! .The crystal jet is an awesome protective black crystal. I wear a bracelet of it on the left because that’s the receiving side. 
. Humming
. Chanting
. Sage
. Palo santo
. Fill your space with loving light
. Silver crosses
. don’t feed it any energy/ as if it didn’t exist
. Visualize healing imagery over area of discomfort/ tense area.
. Remember your power/ energy
You are the captain.
. Wearing all white
. Prayer
And yes praying to arch angel Michael
. Ask higher self to leave answers on what to do.
. Hide aura? Sometimes I visualize a invisibility cloak.
. Call back your energy
. Protective symbols, wearing them, sometimes I wave the sage into different symbols, visualizing the symbol all around. 

Good luck hope this helps 
You got the power!🐥✨🌞 The description sounds like a parasite.  Do you happen to be experiencing a specific emotion more so than you usually do? There are some people I don’t want to be next to because I feel my energy being zapped just by being near them. However, if I’m grounded and consciously protecting my energy, it’s not as bad. Could be a few different things going on there to be honest. 

First instinct was an energy vampire. They will drain your energy in the same way we think of vampires draining blood from their victims - hence the name. Shielding & blocking helps, avoiding them as much as possible helps more. 

But the anxiety bit? Sometimes that just happens with people we just aren’t on the same wavelength with, their energy clashes with ours to make us feel unsettled or anxious around them. Or feeling that anxiety, it could be your own intuition warning you to stay away from this person. On some level you know they/their intentions towards you, aren’t so good, and maybe even dangerous. That’s a gut instinct that should always be listened to IMHO. If someone makes you feel scared, unsettled, on edge or anxious, for whatever reason, listen to that feeling and keep your distance from them as much as you can. 

The ‘taking out’ of information could be any number of psychic abilities the person also has, or it could just be the mannerisms or characteristics they have that aren’t psychic in nature at all…. An old psychology trick is to keep quiet around people and let them do the talking (as most people want to fill the silence so talk). Not remotely psychic in nature but incredibly effective at getting information from people and quite manipulative too. It just sounds like empathy. My vibration drops a lil whenever I come into contact with people. Most people vibrate at very low levels so this phenomenon is pretty common for empaths.

Nobody can "steal" or "manipulate" your energy without your permission. We're all connected, so it may feel like they're doing something, but they're really not. You just gotta stay up on your energy practice. I see There's no such thing as "death" imo; only transition. My cousin, who is definitely more like my twin brother, feels this way on occasion. And while it’s not a “depressive state” (bc he has had those…. Frequents them as well as manic episodes sometimes. He’s conscious of those, even!) but imo, its because I believe he ultimately feels…. *Useless.* Void of a purpose and no true responsibility to anything that exists. No children…. A s/o or spouse would still soldier on once hes gone, and animals too would be taken care of if he was to suddenly die. 

He doesnt *want to die* but he says “I dont necessarily want to be here, either.” It may just be as complicated and as simple as this… you have to find what your “purpose” is. 

Depending on your personal beliefs, there are teachings/ religions that believe that you live and die multiple times, right? Reincarnation…. And every life is meant for the spirit or soul to “learn” something, and to ultimately “pass a test” of sorts. 

It could be that your lesson or purpose has not revealed itself in this life cycle…. And maybe, your existence this time around is meant to help *another spirit* with their journey. (I firmly believe there are some things we go through that can be especially difficult and we say “damn why me??!” And to that, my response is **“sometimes the lesson isnt meant for you.”**

Ending your life cycle prematurely may make that lesson to be learned impossible for the spirit it was meant for…. And could be detrimental to the growth of your own life cycle…

Lots of deep “ifs” I know, but it does indeed make me wonder some days. And I read your “not a cry for help” as genuine, but if you were to take your thoughts to a level beyond just the discussion, Id highly suggest finding an unbiased voice to help with those thoughts. 💕 yes, i would be okay to go right now :) Yes, though I do read a lot about NDEs and have had many spiritual experiences myself. I did have an NDE too but as I was being pulled towards the light, I quickly realized I was dead and immediately went back to my body. I knew it was not my time. Death is just the final point of your experience. Something that gives this experience sense, since with infinite time we would end up doing all the choices we want, so wouldn't be crucial to make decisions or aim for something instead of something else. After years I don't fear death anymore for two main reasons: I know is not the end and I am doing what I really want to do in this lifetime. We could die any moment for any reason, but if you do all the time what you really want and matters for you will be always ok to go: is impossible to accomplish everything we hope for, but I don't waste a second Honestly that's my regular view on it. I've lived a good life, I've helped a lot of people in their darkest times. When my time comes, I will greet death like a long lost friend. Yes I'm ok with dying just now.. I've given up on myself and people make me angry I don't want to die but I haven't been afraid of dying for at least 7 years now. For a while I was totally Blaise about my mortality. But now I have 3 pets that depend on me and when I think of dying on my way home from work I get sad that no one will be able to take care of them (not exactly true but the fact they depend on me makes me care a little bit more about making it home alive) lmao. Yeah writing all this out makes me sound a bit disturbed but *shrugs* I don’t fear death at all but I’d be bummed if I died because there’s so much I still want to experience. That being said, the feeling of not feeling connected or indifferent about living or dying can be caused by a lot of things, when that happens for me it’s due to not being adequately grounded. You need to ground your energy and tether to earth, you’re energy is likely in the clouds. The clouds is a pleasant place to be, but the ground is where you get the full human experience. I'm not only okay with dying, I've been looking forward to it since I was a child. Just because I believe I will get concrete *answers* upon death. Most of what I'm doing here, is blindly guessing and connecting dots.


Still, nobody's taking me out before my time. Absolutely. And trust me, this feeling is very distinct from feeling suicidal. The difference lies between having respect and appreciation for death as a force, vs craving death as a means of escape. I see death as something to not fear, but something to look forward to without rushing towards. I was really sick and near death at age 17. I told my mother I wasn't afraid of dying, just afraid of what I'd miss out on. I am very sad because I lost someone close to me- and I don’t. Feel like I can go on alone

My heart aches- I look forward to leaving this world- and hope I never have to come back because it’s difficult here

I hope the after life is better than this real life Definetly don't end your life. If you feel suicidal, please seek help and talk to someone. I don't fear death, but I don't want to end my life.  The two are very different. 

But to answer your question: yes. I was stabbed and it hit an artery and I thought I was going to die. But I felt weirdly calm and okay with it. I survived....or did i? Muhahaha! A cop saved my life. The EMS couldn't come to the scene until the police cleared it. The first cop on the scene said, "fuck that", threw me in his car, and coded to the ambulance. I will be forever grateful to him. 

FYI I was bouncing out of a club when this happened. A guy assaulted a woman, and I was dragging him out when he stabbed me. In the neck. 

But yeah, I can now totally relate to that feeling. Death doesn't scare me personally, but it makes me worried for those I would leave behind. And I have no feelings of wanting to take my own life. I'm going to enjoy it while I have it. You sound extremely depressed and like you're oppressing yourself. Is there nothing you want to do? Nothing you enjoy doing? 

It sounds like deep inside you definitely feel things, you've just told yourself they're not okay and denied them. If you want to die, there are definitely reasons. Why aren't you being honest with yourself? to be, or not to be…. You are here to experience life. If it is generally tolerable, just keep going. Death/transition will happen eventually anyway <3 Yes. I've almost died a few times and it wasn't bad at all. Even when there was a lot of suffering to get me there. Dying was the easy part. It is quite peaceful. One night I felt very sick and laid down on my bed. I remember feeling like I was going to die and this feeling of bliss washed over my body. I went to sleep thinking "if I die, that's okay". I thought maybe I was crazy until my husband said he felt the same exact thing around the same time.  Clarity of awareness it is what it is.  Now what?   Is that all the enlightenment you want?  Can you expand further and get better insights?  Yes you can and here is where it is at.       Happiness  does not serve survival.  Happiness comes and goes.  Practices last, purpose is there.  Purpose gives you drive. To spark that, one should practice compassion.  Therein lies a multitude of things to be done.   Conscious detachment should be discerned as something different from apathy and depression.       Aversion is as much a problem as attachment is.
I kept going.  I keep going.  Choosing purposes daily.  Compassion for all ,lol, even shaking my fist at some. I think it depends on your age. If you're having these thoughts at 70 well okay. If you're 20; something is amiss. 


As a suicide survivor, professional psychic reader, and someone who has dx'd OCD & severe generalized anxiety; I would say that it isn't the intentional function of the body to operate in the opposite of survival mode.



survival is written in our DNA and that's why people fight so hard to live. 


so when things are like 'I'm ready to die...' again as somebody who has, you know... dealt with "mental health issues" in the past, I would say that it's possible that you could be having some type of depressive episode that you're not aware of. 


You remind me of a client of mine that I had, and about a year later he ended up ending his life. I met him here on Reddit, in this forum, and his message started out almost exactly the same as yours. 



So I would encourage you to seek some therapy or counseling from someone who is trained to diagnose mental health issues because your brain is VITAL! 


What I learned losing my client is that human beings do not reach out for help soon enough because we think we can handle everything on our own. We can't. There's nothing wrong with getting some help. 


You might not even think there's anything wrong, but **apathy** is a symptom of some disorders like OCD. 



Sorry if seems intense. After he died, I vowed to never again try to spiritualize mental health issues, and direct people to get help. I  am also in therapy. Nothing wrong with it. 


❤️ As a mom of four children, death is not on my radar. 


I don't think about it anymore. I've made peace with the contract being the contract. I do not want to know my Exit Plan. 


I plan on living until I'm super old and then hopefully they'll have developed technology to greatly extend people's lives over the next 50 years, and if that's the case,  I'm in like Flynn baby! I'll take *all the chips* and everything cuz Immortality? bring it on! 


I would like to do a bunch of things, and if I could die whenever I wanted that would be awesome. 


Otherwise, I just want to live til I'm super old and I want to see as much of my family generation line play out as possible.


I want to see what my kid's kids look like, and if I'm old enough to see their kids- that would be amazing and I want to be around long enough to make an impression on the world and on my family, definitely. 


I don't fear death. I'm not scared to die. nothing like that, but I definitely want to live till I'm at least one hundred.


No one gets out alive. We're definitely not special in that any of us gets to escape death. However if there's a way to extend it so that I could have another hundred years like I would totally take that in a heartbeat. Yes, I am a very happy person and have a fulfilled life.  For all of that I have faced death many times and no longer fear the transition.   

I also don't just mean I have come close to dying, which I have; but I have also seen the specter of death when it came for a young woman I worked with. Maybe you had time issues in previous employment and that maybe creeping into your present day. Could it be a sign you need to move on or acknowledging you want to lay down roots as time is passing you by?
The smells could be there to take you to certain time and place as we have certain fragrance we associate with certain places or people. Dig deep within and feel what your sensing in your mind when you get these feelings as your very first impressions are often what you need to take notice of and ask yourself what are you trying to show me.  Don't let your mind race as it often tries to make sense of what you are sensing and you loose that first impression Clairalience means clear smelling. 
This is being able to smell odors that don't have any kind of physical source. Instances of this could include smelling the perfume or the cigarette smoke of a deceased relative, used as a sign of their presence around us. When our sense of smell is strong and distinct, we may find that certain smells connect us to past memories or we may be drawn to working as a florist, a wine taster or a perfume fragrance creator. Anyone has the sense to detect energy.  You don't necessarily have to practice reiki to pick up on energy.
If you look ant the outline of most things you can see the energy around it, don't really focus on and give it a soft gaze and you will be able to sense the e energy around the object.  I worked with wind turbines and I could see the glow of energy around them just from gazing at them It’s just like a muscle. Some people are born with stronger abilities while others have to work it out. Why are some people naturally better at basketball?

Why are some people naturally better at chess?

Why are some people naturally better at dancing? I believe it's due to a few reasons.  How many incarnations you have been through and your purpose being here in this life,  how open you are to spirit and has trauma caused you to block yourself?
Sometimes we get that wrapped up in our own lives and what's going on we simply can't see the wood for the trees.  In short we all have the ability, but some open up more than others because everyone is programmed and walked through life in many different ways ANYONE can experience this phenomena in the right brainwave state, in response to a weak magnetic field around the brain. Magnetism is an intrinsic property of consciousness itself. You have millions of magnetite crystals in your brain, and when your brain is in a state of hemispheric coherence, your brain is more capable of perceiving non-local/psychic information. 

I think you will find some good research on this through the work of the neuroscientist Michael A Persinger (RIP) and his team, among them Dr Todd Murphy who has an excellent YouTube channel with video lectures on this topic. 
Dr Persinger studied this phenomena for decades before he died. Dr Todd Murphy continues this work. 

All human brains are capable of receiving extra sensory information. When you are conscious/alert and awake, your brain operates on a higher frequency brainwave than when you’re sleeping/meditating/dreaming. Psychic phenomena studied in Persinger’s lab found that the 7-7.8hz frequency was typically the frequency in which psychic phenomena was experienced and could be observed in the lab. 

If you entrain your brainwaves to that frequency, the “binding factor” of your consciousness is disrupted and your brain is then sensitive to be aware of electromagnetic signals from other areas (outside of the brain), i.e, “non local information” aka psychic phenomena. Your brain is capable of this because it is full of magnetite crystals. Even though you may not be able to identify what a magnetic field “feels” like, you would be affected by it, regardless. 

The “binding factor” is simply the frequency we typically operate on, which allows us to believe that we are separate individuals and our consciousness is inside our body. Disrupt the signal and that changes. 

All magnetic fields are connected, so, if your brain is in coherence with the Schumann resonance, your brain may become aware of all kinds of information throughout the whole magnetic field. Again, ALL magnetic fields being connected (all conscious creatures, throughout earth’s magnetic field) would mean you could access more information from more places than you could imagine.

What’s really cool is that you can build technology, pretty affordable, that can entrain your brain to that frequency and experience this even if you may not otherwise consider yourself to be psychic. It uses a programmed Arduino, and a copper coil around a halo, runs off a program and a 9v battery, and is no more powerful than stereo headphones.

That being said, I wouldn’t consider myself or my mom to be psychic people, and the first time we used this technology she was able to ACCURATELY remote view and correctly identify a simple drawing I had made. I also attempted to read her thoughts, and approximated a representation of what she was thinking of (a butterfly). Both of us are completely new to these kind of experiences, and we are finding that it feels much more like our imagination, than what it actually is. We will be conducting further experiments to see how far we can develop our abilities and train ourselves to become more psychic. I personally believe that we each come here on a mission to do and learn certain things. Some people didn’t come here to experience those abilities but to experience other things this world has to offer. No one is better than one another, just on different journeys. That’s my simplified take on it at least. Some have more neural connections in their brain. Specifically a region of the brain called the caudate putamen. Everyone is psychic. Some have some resemblance of control over it.  Others rationalize low probability events and never really question where the information came from. Because their energy fields, bodies and minds have a different structure. Different is not better, is often worse in this case. Simply put; we are all unique. Each of us has something that we excel at more than most all others, as it should be. I'm sure you would agree you have an ability that's stronger/more developed than your others. Focus on the one that comes easily to you. I believe that ability is the one you will excel at as you are meant to. 💜 I feel like some people have pure intentions so their third eye and heart chakras arent blocked It comes with a price. The less-psychic people def romance the idea, however, the ability to peer behind the vail is more like a burden that few acknowledge (it mostly manifests as mental illness), and even fewer are able to turn into something productive that can actually help others. People have had many lives to learn many different kinds of karmic lessons.
As the soul gets older and learns more, the spiritual growth strengthens.
Some people move towards their higher self to the higher vibrational state and will be more receptive to the influences of spirit.
If our souls choose to descend, fail to learn lessons, and repeat life mission cycles, then those souls will struggle to connect with spirit. Genetic disposition may have something to do with it.  Divine blood and breeding or incarnations of Deities.  That would be the simplest answer.  It's been said the genetic difference between a spiritual person and an atheists perception is genetic as well and may relate to the penial gland, some people do not really have these.  I do not know if that's true but with be a logical understanding to the difference in our perception and reception to the universe. Awareness of information and energy is a study and pratice. 
Some come into the world more inclined to it, some work a bit to get it. 

It just depends on if you want it or reject it 
Muscles are muscles, lile top comment said 👌 [removed] Why are some ppl better at art then others? My self esteem has decreased after reading the comments :/ 

I feel like Mirabel from Encanto lol The same reason some people are naturally more athletic than others I’m someone who’s been  psychic since a child and my abilities haven’t really waned when I became an adult. As a child, I would talk to my grandfather that passed away & I knew facts about him that I shouldn’t of because I never met him in person. As a teenager, I could go to someone’s house and the lights would turn on or you could see “spirit people” in their house (especially when it’s my first time coming there). I even had friends that passed away when I was a teenager & they would come visit me & they would talk to me as if were having a conversation in real life. They would talk to me as if they didn’t die & like we are having a conversation as friends. My door would open and close all night & at some point I dropped out of school because I couldn’t handle my gifts. Did I ask for these gifts? Not exactly, but I couldn’t turn it off so I adapted to the gifts. When I was a teenager, I thought it was a bad thing because I experienced things like my bed levitating in the air, spirits jumping on phone calls with me talking to friends, spirits appearing in pictures & having panic attacks because I continued to see things. There was even a time, I went to visit my uncle for the first time in Georgia & I saw three different spirits in a room and the next day I was able to take a picture of one in these rainbow colors. 

I truly think some people are born with the gifts & didn’t necessarily ask for it but we are all intuitive in our own ways. I am basing this on my own experience & I think some people can enhance their psychic abilities and start their spiritual journey later on in life. Honestly, I think when you start your journey later in life or enhance the abilities on your own, it’s really nice because you are ready and welcoming that awakening. When you are born with it, it can be quite frightening at such a young age & times when you’re very vulnerable (like depression or times of sadness- negative spirits can be attracted to your energy. 

I think this topic is more dynamic & there are more factors than we think. I  particularly disagree with anyone giving concrete answers because there isn’t a yes or no or specific path to this. Psychics from all levels are all human at the end of the day & have their own opinions on this topic. Claiming to be an expert can be somewhat close minded. I would love to encourage everyone to share their experiences and knowledge so we can all learn from each other. Ive always known I'm psychic because I have had very significant experiences throughout my entire life but at the age of 31 I stopped taking drugs and meditated every day for 5 hours for 3 weeks straight and I had a profound shift in my abilities where I became fully telepathic and the occult and psychic information I have received has been mind blowing but it has also been very difficult. There are many malicious telepaths who work for the Ideological Satanists that control the built world. Anyway, another factor is age. For me it manifested in my late 20s and early 30s. Worthiness and purity of intent Because they are more aware. Some people are born with it more pronounced than others, *but* you can also either let that skill fall by the wayside **or** keep practicing so you get better at it. 


Case in point: in our family the whole legend is that "only the oldest daughter is the psychic". That's just not true. My younger sister and aunt also have psychic powers to some extent but they haven't developed them as much because of self limiting beliefs that they didn't inherit much in terms of clairsentience and clairvoyance. Also they call it "the most useless psychic power ever". My mom (also the eldest daughter) has more pronounced powers but she never developed them because she didn't know how (and also is wicked religious). 


Tl;dr: everyone has them and it doesn't matter what extra power ups you're born with if you don't spend time developing your gifts. I had a few psychic experience, especially a premonition about a co-worker's brain tumor that expressed poetically 10 days before the event. There were a few other remarkable events (see the cat events in Astral Projection in my history). I figured hey, I seem to have a gift, so started researching psi. The main thing I found that I could literally cultivate and quantify was remote viewing. I started with RV Tournament and proved that I can see the future (you concentrate on a 8-digit code & draw what comes to you, the actual photo is released next day). I'm now enrolled in an RV curriculum. The other thing that seems quantifiable is Radionics and I'm working towards that. Lastly PENDULUMS are awesome!!! It enables you to speak with your subconscious which is a direct line to the superconscious & knows all. Practically nobody communicates with their SC which is really like a conjoined twin & is where all psi comes from. Some of us are born that way In Destiny of Souls, Dr. Newton says that star seeds (alien-human hybrid souls, originating from a planet other than earth but now living on earth) usually have a greater psychic ability due to their original species in a past life reaching a higher intelligence level than most earth-originating humans have reached degree of calcification of the pineal gland and vitamin k2 deficiency. starseeds I think it has to do with empathy/ emotional intelligence… some people have lots, others don’t It’s taken you years to develop yours? Mine just dropped on me one day as if something cracked open my third eye with an ice pick! How do these things happen? Yep!  Definitely psychic, not crazy. Sorry for your loss. 

How to take control? Be patient. Practice. Be more patient.

Try this. Sit in a chair. Close your eyes. Take a deep breath. Feet flat on the floor. Hands separated and resting palms up on each thigh.

Create a grounding cord. This is a line of energy that connects your first chakra to the center of the planet. Your first chakra is a ball of energy about the size of a quarter that sits just in front of the base of your spine. Your grounding cord attaches to the bottom of that ball of energy.

Grounding makes your body feel safe, so you release energy more easily. Gravity pulls whatever you release, even your own energy, down to the center of the planet. No effort on your part. The center of the planet neutralizes the energy and returns it to whoever owns it. No karma for anyone. A virtuous cycle.

Nearly everyone goes to connect to the center of the planet the first time but stops at the soil, often making roots like a tree. This is a method that is taught in some martial arts styles, but it is not the best option for your spiritual development and healing.

So, notice the seat of your chair. Take a deep breath. Notice the distance between the seat and the floor. Now notice the distance between the floor and the soil below. Breathe.

Now notice the distance between the soil and the water table underneath. Notice the distance between the water table and the rocky mantle. Notice the distance between the mantle and the molten core below that. Deep breath.

Notice the distance between the molten core and the center of the planet. That ball of light at the very center of the planet is where you connect your grounding cord. Deep breath.

Say hello to the center of the planet. Do you get a hello back?

Notice the color and texture of your grounding cord. It may look like a line of energy, or look like something physical; a rope, a wire, a pipe, a tree trunk. Adjust it as needed to be in affinity with your body.

Getting this far means you've already released some energy from your aura and body. Now it is time to fill in the space that was created.

Create a gold sun over your head. Have it call back all of your energy from wherever you left it throughout your day and week. Work. School. Online meetings. Video games. Your fantasies about your future. Your regrets about your past. Wherever you've placed your attention. Just watch the energy come back and see if you notice where it came from.

Have the sun burn up and neutralize your energy. Then bring the sun into the top of your head. It will automatically flow into the spaces you created. Create a gauge to measure when you're full. Like a fuel gauge or oil gauge. You'll run better if you aren't a few quarts low on spiritual oil. If the gauge doesn't read "Full", bring in another gold sun.

Open your eyes, bend over and touch the floor, draining any tension from the back of your neck, then stand up, and stretch.

There is a progression with this technique. After grounding for ten minutes a day for a week or two, notice your grounding cord at the very end, while you're standing with your eyes open. Continue to ground with your eyes open and standing, and bring in another gold sun. Each day, increase the amount of time that you ground standing up with your eyes open.

After a week or two practicing this, add walking while grounded. Just notice your grounding cord as you walk. Say hello to the center of the planet while you walk. Bring in a gold sun while you walk.  If you lose your grounding cord, stop walking and recover it. If you have to, sit back down and close your eyes and create a new grounding cord.

After this, you're ready to take your grounding cord with you into your daily life. Shopping. Getting coffee. Wherever you go, you can ground. This, combined with a little amusement about seeing new things on an energy level, will keep you safe and sound.

Now that you're here, at the end of your grounding meditations, create a gold sun over your head. This time, fill it with your highest creative essence, your present time growth vibration, and your affinity for yourself. The first energy is a healing for you. The second is a healing for your body. The third is a healing for your affinity in your fourth chakra.

Bend over and touch the floor. Stand up and stretch. If you're ready for more, sit back down and ground some more. Otherwise, have a nice day!

Note that every image you imagine, the gold sun, the grounding cord, the center of the planet, your first chakra, your body parts, is exercising your clairvoyance. You may be imagining what your tailbone looks like, but you're also creating the image of your tailbone and reading its energy. This is practicing your clairvoyant ability. To answer the last question, meditation has made the biggest difference for me. I think that’s the best place to start It could be your past life. The civilization we currently live in could be rebuilding from the fall of an ancient civilization that was far beyond advance than is now. That's interesting, you went to a whole different dimension lol That very interesting maybe a vision of the future So cool :) These are energy centers that work as blueprints of building blocks. Just like a carpenter would have a blueprint to build a house. The consciousness has blueprints to create energy patterns that would fit the psychic-laws or rules. 

Just like a house can have a basement, a first floor, an attic, a yard, etc. The main consciousness can create a reality of its own with these energies. Google images [deleted] Are you expecting a lot of research evidence in one of the responses? Hey I was also having p vivid dreams while I was smoking. I've been clean for a little over a month now and the dreams just got way crazier and I can recollect many details. Highly recommend. I still miss weed sometimes but I am very proud of myself for having gotten this far and the dreams have made sobriety all the more worthwhile. And entertaining. And insightful I do.

I have no advice lol.

I just take it as it comes.

I've seen no pattern or correlation to any of them this far. I have some visions that come true I just have 2 psychic abilties dont worry about it too much. the mind serves as your interface for all phenomena—both visions seen from external objects and visions arising from internal circumstances. They just come at weird times. Ive seen visions that haven’t happened yet so idk what they symbolise I had one while driving down a busy highway once.  I was taken out of the vehicle ( obviously just in my mind) but I no longer persieved the road. Instead I was right in the midst of two visions that unfolded infront of me. 

I am not sure how long they lasted but when  I was again perceiving the road I was safe and still driving at highway speed.   If you want to discuss your visions. I am happy to listen. Feel free to message me. Just watch that’s so raven lol. She was a psychic who got visions Ever had a daydream with your eyes open? Somewhat similar, though I’ve never given another being control over the meat puppet. This is more of an active conscious mind and silencing the intellect mind to a level that certain thoughts of a certain frequency are impressed. It takes a type of conditioning. The condition is carried along with a desire to achieve the open channeling. Premonition. They're also called "precognitive." Approach spirituality as if coincidences don't exist, or very rarely. Otherwise, everything is just "coincidence" and you get into this closed-minded scientific materialism viewpoint. Your gifted❤️ This is happened to me, too. My mom also jokes about having psychic abilities sometimes lol, and I've had similar things where I have a strong feeling that ends up being true, even if there is evidence against it until it happens, or in my dreams I will have premonitions or remember signfiicant details that happen IRL later. I think it's up to you to figure out what to do with this info. 

For your boyfriend, you could tell him that you had a dream and ask him to be careful. If he were to have something bad happen to him, then that warning could either help him prevent being in that situation or prevent the situation from being worse. I think of it as similar to the call of the void, that feeling that when you're standing over a rail and you think "I could jump off this right now" but you don't. Phsyiologically, this is built into human brains so that we are aware and DON'T put ourselves in danger, and this type of warning could help your boyfriend.

Personally, I had a strong dream last night that my friend and her new husband announced their divorce. I woke up in a cold sweat, tried to relax, and then fell back asleep only to have the same dream but stronger again. This morning I texted my friend to ask her how she was because I had a dream about her. I didn't tell her what the dream was because I don't want to cause unnecessary worry, but I wanted to check in with her. You could do something similar, too. Tell your boyfriend you had a worrisome dream and to be careful, no specific details unless you feel it's important to share. Same with other people, although it's harder to do this for strangers like the little boy.

Sending you love and light <3 I’ve had a similar situation aswell! I had a dream I was at work stacking a particular shelf and I woke up and thought Lol that was bizarre. Come a few weeks later I’m actually stacking that same shelf, and get déjà vu from that moment in my dream. right after that we had an armed robbery Just because someone reaches out to you, doesn’t mean you owe them a response, or even an acknowledgement, especially if they/the relationship was toxic. 

Take the control back and pre-empt it - Block them all, especially if they’re no good for you. I agree with voodoo, practice boundary setting with people who you don't vibe with. Block and walk away.  Lots of toxicity online, too. You don't... you work on setting boundaries better, and not interacting with toxic people. That's purely your fault. I’m dealing this this too, thank you for sharing!Yeah, I like what others are saying about more boundary setting and energetic cord cutting. I’m still sifting out some energetic cords that have been draining me for too long Make it stop? What you have is a gift for you to use. What you want is more control and that comes with repetition, practice and resolve. Remove the energy cords and finally move on because thoughts can reconnect you to their energy. Also it may not be YOU doing this, but THEM! Nah don’t just channel it. If you want to make it stop it’ll be hard to make it happen again. Enjoy your gift. First of, you put energy into something, it will become more present in your reality. You can't really think about people without attracting the energy of them. You better think of something else, something you want to manifest into your reality.

Now, do you really want to stop it though? I find it kinda cool the manifestation process you described, not everyone has all this manifestation power. Not saying it is good, but I don't think it is bad either. You can surely extract the sweet juices of it. 

&#x200B;

About toxic people, I don't really know how you feel about it, but sometimes people change to the better, not saying you should listen to everyone, but it is a possibility. Now, if you really want to cut these people off from your life you gotta stop putting energy in this chord. The more you think about someone, the more this someone is present in your life.  
You can try a chord cutting meditation to get rid of thos unwanted energetic chords. If your into magic/spell casting you could also try a chord cutting spell, just search for it on reddit or google, there are tons of tutorials on how to do that. Wear a veil Your comment reminds me of a time in my life when I knew there was no fully ever going back to "making it stop". This may not apply to you but thought induction(malicious telepaths placing thoughts in your head leading to a chain of thoughts you think and possible actions) is a huge thing in the world right now. How in the world do you do that? the perception of time can be altered with numerous drugs, endogenous and exogenous. dmt is naturally occurring at time of death. caffeine, for instance, dilates time in my experience. I recently had a dream on this and this is what I was told. You can. Gravity - changes time, they showed me our solar system and how the gravitational dips around the planets bend light and time. Then they zoomed in on my life and showed me where i had placed “gravitational weight” on my own time frame. They showed that i was spacing my memorable moments too far apart. (by years) If i needed time to slow i need to give attention to each and every moment i am thankful for throughout the day. (Be just as thankful for your morning shower as you were thankful for Graduating HS for example) and  It’s worked tbh. I can spend a whole day accomplishing seriously 500% more activities than i used too. The trick is to pay attention to the moment in front of me and be thankful for it and move forward onto the next. Without even thinking about it time has tremendously slowed. If you put your attention(focus) on an event to the future you will begin to drift towards it in an increasing time frame as well. So stay present and focus on the task and your enjoyment of the MOMENT. I'm sure some can You do it by more fully experiencing the present moment with your senses, then time slows down. If you withdraw your attention to a fantasy or less detail of your environment than time speeds up. Humans can control time perception. And humans can control body temperature . Because we’re not mature enough to handle it. Some people would abuse their power! I'm pretty sure some people can. Actually I’ve learned this ability. I’ll take out a stopwatch on my phone, hit start, and as the numbers count I’ll “play with” the interval between numbers. I haven’t done anything too crazy yet but I’ve altered my perception to make time pass ~ 20% slower and ~ 40% faster than usual Belief One could say we have been evolving to speed up time at will, but at great cost to our happiness. 

If you look in to Zen, it is all about meditating to slow down time and experience happiness in the moment. 

I once became so intensely focused that I was noticing every hair on my arms. No drugs involved.

But as soon as we are at a boring job or whatever, our instinct is to speed up time to get it over with. It's the opposite of Zen, really. If you have a job you don't like it can start to seem like the days merge together and you start to feel depressed. You can do this a little bit like getting through the work day faster by keeping busy, not looking at the clock, keeping it fun.

Time seems to slow down when you are doing something you hate. Or you are in agony. 

Certainly taking drugs can alter you perception of time alot. Research time dilation, it was proven in the Einstein era that something moving faster experiences time more quickly. Ever heard the saying 'time flies when you're having fun,' ya well you can and do experience time dilation, and you can slow time down by staring at the clock watching each second. Hi my friend! Answering your questions in “my own XP”.
Humans can. I have “slowed” the time at will in my own time/space for “quite some time” now.
Perception, “timeless”. Stopped/Slowed. 
No drugs involved. 
Haven’t tried to speed it up yet. Not needed. But I can only imagine something kind of like “Jumper” the movie. There is so much info. I believe it’s somewhat a highly vibrational state you can reach at some point. Have experienced it myself somehow but stopped trying then again is something I don’t want to right now and few other things.
We “will” evolve “at will”. Our bodies are perfect and were made for that and so much more.

Train your eyes with light. Start with a small candle in a dark room for a few minutes a day. One eye first. Then the other one. (Cover gently one with your hand). Meditate while at it. Then both eyes. Then one and the other and so on…
Focus on the flame at first, then slowly move on to the light. 
That will help with some of the “current” eye’s diseases as well. 
But for starters, drink “tons” of water to start up the engine and cleansen it.
Hope to be of help. Love. Some shaman can do this. I have been trained in it, but it is not easy. Same goes for seeing in the dark, which is a little easier to do and only took about 10 years training. A common example you’re kind of describing is what you experience during an adrenaline spike, alters the perception and experience of time. You can definitely experience time faster or slower at will in a few different situations and not just with ‘recreational drugs’. Meditation and flow states often exhibit these experiences. Having good control over the factors involved in your perception and experience of the present seems like it requires a level of discipline many people just don’t want to exert. As for evolution, seems like there’s plenty of ‘psychosocial forces’ we haven’t fully realized the potential of, the brain is still very much unknown as the full structure it already is and we’ve probably evolved the ability to do many things we aren’t fully taking advantage of They can. requires practice and mediation on the concept of time.

Time is perceptual, along with entropy. So with YouTube readings I’d be a little skeptical. Curses are not that common that I’m aware of, and if 1,000 people watch that video does mean that they all have cursed marriage? 

I’d also gather more info on the curse your MIL is speaking of. Why would they curse her family? There is a chance that it’s a scam and they’re requesting money to undo the “curse” but if they for some reason have a personal vendetta against her then maybe I’d start considering it I am also African like your husband - Ghanaian. In many African cultures black magic is practiced and is legit. I, too, watch tarot readings on youtube. even tough they are for the collective if it resonates, it resonates so trust yourself! Something is telling me that your MIL is not wanting you to be married to her son. However that is just my opinion. As someone who is aware of black magic and it’s negative affects I would HIGHLY recommend getting some kind of protection: crystals, a TRUSTED/LEGITIMATE spiritual advisor, etc…. Watch for flies.
Or weird accidents happening.
Generally speaking though a bunch of flies appearing in the house is something I've seen in a lot of practices as sign of someone sending something wrong your way. I don’t really put much stock in the mass YouTube readings to be honest. 

What I do is close my eyes and ask a question to myself, then wait for my gut to respond. If I get a bad feeling in my gut I trust it. 

There are healers you can go to for cleansing but research because there are a lot of fakes out there. Also, black candles for protection. 

At the same time, while I do believe in magic and curses… I also strongly believe in mental health. If your husband is acting irrationally, talk to him about seeing a therapist. A good culturally competent therapist will take your spiritual views into account and use a holistic approach. r/witches may know better There are many levels to this. First up there are really bad elements out there. Second, the better thing to do is find all the really good things. This honestly is the best defense. Find all the good feeling things you can and laugh and find joy in everything. This is the best defense. The second part is to be firm in your barriers and really assert yourself and your space. Know that you are the master of your life and own it. Then make it a happy fun place to be. The way those bad elements work is it instills fear and uncertainty and then the person that is affected starts to assist in the work being done. Kind of the same as a cancer patient that believes they will die from the disease. I hope this helps. So my grandma’s brother had black magic done on him in India. He was about to come to America and after his wedding he started going nuts. Like acting like a madman and doing weird shit like selling all of his belongings, spending nights outside, and just really weird things. My family didn’t know he had black magic done on him until a bit later. 

My family was very upset and prayed a lot and asked God to show them a way to heal him. His newly wedded wife was so upset and didn’t know if she should even stay with him. My grandma’s family eventually found a healer. When my grandma’s mom walked into the room, the healer immediately said please send this lady who is incredibly sad over my way. He then told them after closing his eyes that their neighbor had done black magic by putting something in my grandmas brother’s food. After he ate the food on his wedding night is when he went insane so it made sense. They did a lot of things to reverse it and it made a difference but unfortunately it left a lasting impact on his brain and he still has to take medication for his behavior to this day, but it is now where near as bad as what it was when he first got married. 

The only cure to black magic is to go to a healer and go to a church and have your whole family blessed. You also have to pray every day. 
Black magic can only be reversed by positive white energy that comes from true intentions such as connection with God or someone with good intent while healing.

Some suggestions I have are:
1. Pray everyday and have your husband pray everyday 
2. Go to a church and have a priest bless both of you. A priest who prays all the time also is a healer in a way so this is helpful.
3. Go on tiktok, YouTube, and google ways to remove black magic spell. There are sooo many helpful videos 
4. Egg cleanse - look up how to do an egg cleanse and do it 
5. Get healing crystals and healing energy elements in your home and lots of healing plants. You want to fill your space with as much positive energy as possible. 

It is going to take time so do these things for a few months. practice psychic defense- specifically cleansing of the aura and wear anything with an evil eye. black magic is extremely common- it can happen just from others thinking negative thoughts about you. and while it can be effective, staying in the light is much stronger and will always block any of that. [removed] No. Magic is not real Go to a BaBaLao If you have black magic you would sense a really huge change prior to when you guys got married and it would get worse by day. There would also be fights for just about any reason and it’s possible that if they were attempting to split y’all apart, he would be cheating. If he’s not cheating, then he’s definitely not giving you enough respect and there’s tons of tears through the marriage. Also if there’s chances you’re being recommended to a psychiatry keep in mind that’s another sign. Sometimes spells have a way of messing with peoples minds making them sensitive and angry pretty quickly. He’ll look lost mentally and isolated. He’ll want to be alone most times. There may also be issues with a job loss / financial losses or possible diseases for unknown reasons.

Try to find someone locally and see what advice they may offer or reach out to another subreddit that would help! Do they channel *through* the subconscious realm? Are they an aspect of you or past life?

Also beware that anything could be a lie or a trick to throw you off. please cleanse your pendulum and practice psychic defense before using it. before going into a session- make a statement that only those of the light can use it. i normally call out to guides, angels, and ancestors specifically. pendulum work is a form of divination that can be just as dangerous as using a ouija board when not used correctly. Talking to spirits is like talking to anyone. We don't listen to all of them without discernment.

That said, the spirits are you. The universe is one thing.

There is nothing to be afraid of.

If a man walks up to you and begins to ramble and tell you things you don't like, you probably leave right?

Spirits tell us stuff all the time. We are not obligated to listen or participate.

Follow your feelings and do as feels best. If you feel scared of this entity, this is all I am recommending you work to diminish. There is nothing to he afraid of.

🙏❤️ if it said it was a friend, how did that jive with your gut instinct? You really need to be careful when dealing g with the pendant and other things for purpose of channelling.
You need to make sure you perform a grounding exercise before you start doing anything. 
You need to train your pendant so you understand what answers you are getting.  If my pendant swings left for yes and right for no then that doesn't mean yours will be the same.  Yours could swing clockwise for yes and anticlockwise for no for example so you need to go through the motions and write down what action the pendulum takes for what question.
When you perform your grounding exercise make your intent to only speak or channel spirit with 100% pure and divine intention.  Ask for protection from your spirit guides and arc angel Michael.  
If you pick.up a low level entity then they probably won't give you any names and probably mess you around, ask for help with these from your guides and thank them for their time and energy then  move on make it clear they are not welcome within your energy.  It's very important you close your session properly and leave nothing open when your finished.  You will probably get random answers when your first setting out, but stick with it and remember grounding and closing your session off properly and you will develop your skill as time passes.
Practice is key 👌🏼 I totally get where you're coming from. I have those moments where I sometimes just "know" things/ how they will turn out. Then I have other moments where I have a short fleeting thought of something I want to happen/ should happen, and it ends up happening. At some point, I just thought it was pure coincidence, but after a while, I noticed the probability of the stuff happening was low, so I started noting them down. Anyway, I don't know what it means, it could just be a very rare case of coincidences lol, but I once saw a psychic and he told me that I had a form of clairvoyance where I just know things. I had never met him before and he didn't know me, and I didn't tell him anything about this, it was about 5 mins into the reading and he had no information about me whatsoever...so IDK, could be, or couldn't be... I think you need to train your mind back into a positive mind set.  When a negative thought comes in try and tell yourself that it's not what you want any more and replace it with a positive remark.  Keep doing this and you will train your thought patterns away from negative vibes ❤️ i consider my intuition a sixth sense, welcome to the club! It certainly looks like your intuition was right and your friend has shown you she is at peace now.  Practice with other things and see where it gets you as you try and develop your gift, but take comfort in knowing your friend came through to you ❤️ Hmm...🤔 Shadow people are real entities, they're from another realm. And people do have shadows but what you described isn't something that a person's shadow, the rejected not-socially-acceptable parts of them, can do.

I suppose it could be possible for someone to create a tulpa like being, and send it to spy on you? And it could appear as a shadow? Is your psychic friend open to answering more questions? It sounds like you're able to see spirits the same way I'm able to!  When did this start for you?  For me it's been as long as I can remember.  It's just really exciting to meet someone who sees spirits in the same manner!

After I took an interest in this ability and started welcoming and allowing it, the next thing to come were visions.  So basically, the spirit will let me see a memory of theirs or some event that took place in their life.  Sometimes the spirit will appear as if they are physically there; so not transparent at all.  That doesn't happen too too often though Could it be their guide?

Like, I sometimes see something similar, but as a translucent sphere/circle, that disappears when I focus on it (intentional or not). I asked my mom, who is very knowledgeable about these matters, and she told me its someone who's thinking about me/ wants to know how I'm doing, if I'm alright. Idk though, just food for thought lmao I don’t. But people see/feel spirits differently. Guides that accompany all persons. You describe this perfectly! I see the exact same thing, it started a year ago. I never knew what this was and thought it was auras but ways felt it might be something more. I see the outline of the aura but then the person is almost behind them or on their side if that makes sense? They can be in different colours like white, blue , green or purple.

Sometimes i thought am I staring at the person too long then I'm maybe seeing the outline of the person. But then the transparent human will have outlines of different hair or a beard than the person and I know for certain it's something different. Amazing that you see the same, I would love to learn more about this lol It's always funny when some one comes up with the same theory that has always existed and tries to put their own 'unique' spin on it.

Buddy old pal. The first principle of hermetics, one of the oldest philosophies in written history is, The All is Mind and the mind(personal) is apart of The All, but the mind is not The All. -Kybalion

I suggest you quit making up theories and find yourself in a bookshop with a couple real old books that provide a better description than you can with your lacking perspective. And don't get me wrong the only reason I say that is because you're guessing at ideas that have already been hypostulated publicly. There is alot you are missing, and alot you are short coming with but only because of a lack of perspective.

Like any book that documents pshycical research from the first half of the 20th century. But my personal favorite was "The Science Behind Miracles" -Max Freedom Long who documented the Hawaiian Kahunas. 

What you are trying to do is take an old thing that has already been scientifically looked at and you're trying to make yourself 'okay' with it's mere possibility. One doesn't take a biologists word for salt and just reinvent biology. You go off what we already know. Maybe they are your ancestors and you’re merely perceiving them as old people. For me the people usually express some type of mood, so maybe you’re feeling like your old, relatable Seek inside for your own answers to these questions. Only you can decipher the way you project meaning and identity on to your experiences. Maybe it's a sign you need to be more wise in your Outlook or decision making maybe.  Look at how you feel when you see them and what thoughts come to mind, try to hold the first impressions you receive as the mind quickly tries to rationalise what your seeing.
Ask yourself in your mind what does this mean and see what comes to mind Could be your ancestral spirits. You don't have to have known them in this life time/incarnation. Free will is a truth as are influence over others or consequences of choices, you could even believe that your mind is getting ready for the future instead or simply in the present, but its only what i think. I will tell you that I own three cats and they usually leave birds, snakes, lizards and the occasional rat at the entrance of my house. I think maybe some cat brought it to your house. did you check if there was any other ingredient in the rat? Have strange or unpleasant things happened to you as a result of this? A lot of times people are open to suggestion. As a hypnotist……one thing I can say is emotions increase suggestibility. You only noticed supposed actions after they told you and if you consider fear is a strong emotion it made the suggestion stick. I would block the person immediately and say to myself the words and actions of others have no effect on me….and I am healthy. I am happy…etc I completely echo what u/davidle3 said. 

The power of suggestion is extremely powerful. And as a long practising witch, I can honestly tell you that casting spells to harm others takes an awful lot more than that. You haven’t been cursed or hexes, but the suggestion was put to you that you had and now your brain is making connections and assumptions to validate that belief. Block this person, what they’re doing is childish at best. You don’t owe them a thing and you don’t need to be afraid, you’re absolutely fine. Block and forget them. Yes, that is your energy body.

You moved your assemblage point ("AP").

;-) Was your eyes opened or closed. I usually close my eyes while meditating and I see weird colors and like the darkness behind my eyes has depth to it. Most humans have auras that are blueish like that! Instead of blocking out energy or “shielding yourself” a wise human once told me to work on separating which emotions are yours and which aren’t. Sometimes you know, sometimes it’s harder to distinguish, but the trick is to take that energy and instead of processing the emotion AS your own, use it for something as you would with your own emotions. You have the gift (and all superpowers can also be curses depending on how you use it) of energy. Energy likes you. Use it for something good. 

For ex use your dads bad mood energy to either create something useful or use YOUR energy to override (or help if u want) his mood instead of using his energy to override yours. 

Hope this makes sense! You’ll get the hang of it :) and it won’t be such a curse to you when you do! Blocking others energy out is necessary in certain situations when it’s not the right time to use your fun superpower, but other times, try and actually use it! And then even just walking into a room will change the whole vibe as well as how people feel..aka literally lighting up the room with your energy! You need to learn how to [ground, center, and shield](https://aflourishingsoul.com/complete-guide-grounding-centering-shielding/).  They're psychic and energy techniques that should be practiced together (at the same time).  Doing this will give you a "buffer" to not feel other people's feelings so directly.  Part of you may still be aware that over there someone is upset, but you won't need to run that emotional energy through your own system. As I’ve gotten older I allow fewer opportunities for disruption. Crowds can overwhelm.  Enjoy your youth, but if the crowds take too much shielding, you may find you want to use your energies elsewhere. We have an article in the sub WIKI about meditation that covers blocking and shielding too, essential self-care for anyone IMHO. See if that helps? 

https://www.reddit.com/r/Psychic/wiki/index/faq?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf While there are some drawbacks to being an empath. There are also positive aspects. 
Hang out with positive people and you'll find their energy will pick you up.
Go to concerts where they play the type of music you like. That will uplift you. Crowds with high positive energy are beneficial so personal development seminars or spiritual groups.

Sometimes you can transmute energy to make it more palatable for you or simply to neutralize it.
This is an additional tool besides grounding, centering and shielding. Use a shield. You said you are young and this is can be a hard time for empaths because you get bombarded. When I was young I started using a projected image of a bright shining gold cross.  I would visualize it in my mind and push it out in front of me.  It helped to keep negative energies away. 

My sister, also an empath uses a thick bubble of air.  It can be whatever you like and whatever you can put your own energy into to work as a shield.  

It gets easier with time,  but I remember being young and feeling everyone around me, their feelings knowing they weren't mine bur still experiencing them.  I feel for you,  but empathy is a good gift to have and I think becoming rarer in this world.

Keep developing it. Drink up lmao. Tbh 🍺🍺🍺 RESPONSIBLY THOUGH. Eat junk food. Watch violent movies. Focus on money. Watch influencers on instagram. Be nasty to people. Be selfish. Focus in your appearance. Drink alcohol excessively. Avoid going into nature. IME you can't really stop being psychic but you can buffer yourself so you aren't projecting your energy.  You need to looking into shielding practices (grounding, centering, and shielding).  


Also, it sounds like you have a lot of anxiety about other people and how they think about you.  How other people is really not your problem.  You may want to look into various ways to address your anxiety and build up your boundaries.  Don't take responsibility for how other people feel. Is it possible that people are sending you texts to check in because you’re projecting anxiety and insecurity? Projecting is not the same as sending telepathic thoughts, but other people 100% feel it, it’s a part of our social structure, but it’s not necessarily a healthy practice. If you’re grounded and secure in yourself then other people will pick up on that and start responding to you in those ways, but if they sense anxiety and insecurity it’s only natural for them to ask if you’re okay. have been there.. recently I got that feeling when someone was dead.. they are not so close but I remembered them .. then I got a call that she passed away.. I was terrified and felt numb.. I didn't feel nothing.. I accepted the gift So you keep having this feeling and then people end up dying? Mt grandmother told me that this would be the last time I saw her alive. I tried to make it back up there. When I got in town,  she passed away from COVID-19 and no visitors allowed. 

My aunt had never told me she loved me but the very last time I saw her, she was walking out of my room and paused, looked at me and told me she loved me. 

2 people I know knew they were going to die hours before they did. I think, depending on your connection to the cosmos,  people can feel something is going to happen.. It always rains on them days for me I started noticing it when the first person passed for me at a young age..... something extremely weird happen with one my friends I was at work and I stopped in my steps and felt different I can't explain it  but I was worried and confused but I knew something was wrong I was on here and tryin figure out this app and boom my friend I put so much into as she did me was missing idk when I was worried when I stopped she did flash every possible person that feeling was different all I can remember is ILOVE YOU moe I experience the exact same thing! 

It’s bizarre but I understand completely, it’s exactly as you said it - that overwhelming gut feeling you’ll never see that person again. Not a dress, not a bad feeling, not a knowing they’re going to pass (although after it happening a few times, you KNOW that’s what it means) not a when, or how, you just know. 

I can’t offer much advice except to say to listen to it. I don’t know when, or how but it’s happened enough now for me to know what it means. I can’t warn them, I mean warn them of what exactly?! so now I take the opportunity I was given just to tell them how much they mean to me, that I appreciate them and I love them. With some people it’s been days before they pass, but others it’s been a few weeks. Either way, I haven’t ever seen them again after I’ve had that insight, so I’ve made that last meeting a good one. It’s all you really can do. I experience this, too. It sounds like you’re tapped into that current. Ever consider psychopomp work? Maybe your state of least resistance and manner of processing export from the information you get is just unfamiliar and uncommon? Okay.... when I began channeling my guides as a teen, the same things happened to me,  and I feel that is pretty normal when starting out.  As I have grown older, instead of concentrating on my closed eyes, I moved my focus up to my third eye, and that really helped with the eye fatigue and jumping.  Feel the energy entering your third eye and exiting through the base of your skull.

Also, I strongly suggest that you ask specifically to speak to your guides, rather than a random benevolent being.  Your guides are there for YOU, and once you get familiar with them, bring them through before you channel other beings.  They will act as a buffer between you and beings that might not have good intentions. I’m a musician and writing music is a form of channeling. I always see it as a sort of crowded moving sidewalk. There’s lots of people on the sidewalk and you have to not only figure out how to safely jump onto the moving sidewalk but you also have to learn how to balance and stay on the moving sidewalk. I’ve found that ritual is the easiest way to get on board. Beyond that it’s a matter of practice and learning how to manage the physical aspects of your body whether that’s writing, playing music etc. while channeling. I used to mess up recordings all the time because when I would come out of channeling I would be disoriented and not know where I was in the song. After years of practice, now I can move in and out of channeling without skipping a beat. This stuff takes time so be patient and keep practicing! I think it kind of starts off like that. Channeling kind of reminds me of a muscle. I was only better at it than when I continue to practice. And now I can do it pretty much anywhere at any time. But when I first started out over 15 years ago it was definitely a harder thing to do. It sounds like you might be getting nervous or anxious which might lead to losing contact. You would probably need to work on that. Synchronicity is a very trippy and real thing. Because all humans are born with psychic ability some are more meant for it than others and they have more natural ability and that's you. I'm not sure that would be precognition but things in the world are working the same as they always have you're just more psychically awake now. It's a natural inevitable process, part of your soul's evolution I think. Precognition There's no such thing as reality. We’re just all evolving as one. Normal. It might take a bit to get used to, but you will. I have flash visions of the future. It’s instantaneous. I’m somewhere else (or sometimes in the exact same spot, but ahead in time). I don’t even realize what’s going on until I come back into normal time, similar to falling asleep, and dreaming, except I’m standing up. They have come to pass before. I don’t know if all of them are this lifetime kind of things. Based on one I’ve had in particular, I hope not. Hang in there. Well hopefully that’s not a vision of the future! Lol

This sounds like your minds way of processing the intense emotions of a situation that is too overwhelming for just your body to process. It sounds like you had an intense emotional fear of what could happen that was instantly triggered when roe was overturned. 

So when there’s too much info for your mind to process at a normal rate and too many complex emotions for your body to process at a normal rate and they’re happening at the same time, sporadic glimpses of both informations coming together may be your minds way of processing info double time while also keeping you relatively sane.

In psych, they may assume that this is a hallucination, but these types of hallucinations are necessary for your mind and body to stay in sync when it comes to info and emotions.

Your body’s physical responses (sweating, smelling the smoke) is 100% typical in a hallucination or, “vision.” Buddhists are able to lower their body temperature for example if they are that in tune with their mind..kind of like switching to a temporary conscious way of communicating with your body. It’s usually mastered by years of mediation, but it seems like you are an Empath who is able to jump into situations that your mind comes up with as a way of processing info and emotions (how u feel) which comes to life for you through ur senses.

Why? Bc your body and mind need an outlet for these things. Information overload can spark this glimpse or vision. Now whether it’s actually the future? Guess we’ll wait and find out. You may have some sort of ESP happening in there that is preparing you for something LIKE that, but most likely it’s not exactly the vision you saw or consciously experienced. But usually, something even if it’s just the emotion the vision was based on, tends to be a prediction that comes true ha go with the flow <3 i learned from a tarot teader, anxiety is usually a repetitive thought and a stressful kinda intimidating thought. intuition is a peaceful inner voice that is hear to guide you, so it’s a clear calm voice. so anxiety makes you anxious, your inner voice does not I've heard the saying "anxiety screams, intuition whispers".  Obviously not applicable in all scenarios but I try to keep it in mind. What I do when in doubt,  I breathe deeply,  get as relaxed as I can without fully meditating,  and if I still feel it, it's intuition. 

Anxiety is caused by stress,fears,etc... when you relax enough,  you shouldn't feel anxious. Your intuition is light tap on the door, and your anxiety/fear is a bang on the door For me, intuition feels 'complete' while anxiety feels like I have to think about it more than twice. Intuition you just know it without knowing why you know it, even if there's anxiety involved. While anxiety you're not sure if you know, you have to guess if you know it, or not. It sounds like your intuition is causing you anxiety merely from overthinking it. You’re sending signals telling your body that your intuition is a danger. Try working on calming your anxiety first and foremost before delving deeper in intuition building. This would include, shadow work, talk therapy, adjust diet, getting grounded / centered in your body with exercise. For me, by practicing mindfulness meditation. You learn to hear the difference in "pitch" of your inner voice/monologue. It did not happen overnight for me. My inner anxiety voice tends to be in first person. My intuition voice is in second or third person, more observational, and much quieter. When I ignore anxiety voice, consequences are generally neutral or non existent. When I ignore intuition voice, consequences are generally negative. Anxiety is draining. Like it exhausts you. Intuition is more of a “knowing”. 

I’ve been asking myself that exact question myself for months now. I’m only just getting it too. Fear is restrictive. It's a what if. It's a negotiation. It's control oriented. It's rooted in the past or future. Think root Chakra/ tribe rules. Anxiety keeps you safe in comfort. Talks at you in warning. 

Intuition is expansion. A binary yes/ no. Stay/ go. Freedom. Truth in the present moment. Consistent knowing. Intuition tells you to move 1 step forward. Talks with you in assurance. From my perspective:

I've found that when I'm anxious, my thoughts feel intrusive, almost cruel. And they nag. They don't stop. I can feel it in my whole body -- my chest, my tummy will turn over, I'll even shake. Something I've learned greatly over the last couple of years is that even seemingly "good" events or thoughts will cause these reactions -- it feels like an adrenaline rush, but it doesn't stop. When the event passes, I feel so work out physically, even if the outcome turns in my favor. 

Anxiety is bred from fear, both subconscious and conscious; both acknowledged and unacknowledged.

When it's intuition, it's less of a thought and more of sense of radical acceptance, suddenly and without preempt. I don't have to argue with the notion, it just *is* -- the same way water is just wet, the way fire is hot, the way the sky is blue, the way rain falls from clouds. As a species, we now know why those things exist the way they do, but before the phenomena was understood, it was simply accepted as *is*. I don't feel the negative physical affects in my physical body, but I do feel a something -- like that sense of giving in, or even the relief you would have when you're very tired and lean up against something stable and sturdy. 

Intuition is knowing without having been given or found the knowledge. 

That being said, there are times where they can feel eerily similar, but for me, the trick is to clear your mind.  If I can do so fairly easily, and without negative bodily effects I trust it as intuition, but if my central nervous system has no chill, it's anxiety and I need to find the root so I can understand why I'm having an internal meltdown. Physically you feel anxiety in your head, and intuition in your gut. Anxiety is rooted in fear and trusting our guts is scary, so, honestly, you’re probably feeling both. The magic happens when you’re able to overcome the anxiety, trust your intuition and fall into flow. Our intuition doesn’t always sound rational so our rational mind will panic if you’re not ready to go there. I heard before that anxiety often speaks to you in a form it’s addressing you, as in “You are awful and no one likes you” whereas intuition speaks more objectively as in “This situation is dangerous” or “That person is not safe.” The only truth I can speak to that is my own; when I actually listen to the thoughts closely it is indeed actually how it sounds. Intuition speaks to the situation, anxiety puts you at the centre or cause of it. i kinda use all of it as a chance to manifest whichever things i do want to happen and almost willing the bad things into remaining simply anxieties that never come to physicality Man talk about a shot in the dark. Dunno why you're asking anyone here 😂

No one here will be able to answer your question very well, I hate to say it, but with intuition it really comes down to practice and observation.

You'll never know if a dream win come true until it does!

I'd say try to meditate more to get yourself more aware of your surroundings and other than that good luck and pay close attention to your gut feelings and if they end up being true or not Intuition is a less severe emotion, anxiety feels so heavy, so when I feel like I’m losing control of my body I know it’s anxiety because it’s too intense and dark. 

Intuition feels lighter, more fun, more interesting, more dreamy. It’s a more pleasant feeling. Like waiting to get on your favorite ride at Disney. I like to differentiate them like I would textures that I can physically feel. Intuition feels to me like a solid piece of tree bark in my hands; kind of rough, but unique and just is. In comparison, anxiety feels like trying to give a squirrel a bath, that absolutely doesn't want a bath. For me they feel different. I have anxiety going into a bad situation. Feels like butterflies in my stomach. My intuition telling me something is wrong feels like electricity going from my head to my toes, making the hair on my neck and arms stand up straight. 

I'm probably not explaining well, but they have two very different feelings for me. Because intuition just comes to you,  like being already "known" and there is no anxiety behind it. I get premonition grieving, I hate it it is disgusting and I cannot switch it off, I never know who it is going to be I have to sit it out. I do everything in my power not to think about it and it will not go away. Sorry to storm. your post but do you/does anyone know of how I can get rid of it any techniques. I have it now. I cannot live my life like this anymore, it's disturbing. Thank you for this discussion. I have often wondered about the same things. Anxiety is fear based and our divine intuition is love based. My anxiety and my intuition ( gut feeling ) are definitely connected I have reoccurring déjà vu I can dream about a person that will some time soon I will meet, once in that moment I am just some how already recognize the present moment . Anxiety starts in the mind, intuition starts in the body. Stop thinking about the people around you. You send them a message and you make them think of you. Not thinking frees both you and those around you. In this way, you will not be sleep deprived, and so will those around you. We have a few articles in the sub WIKI that may help! 

This one is from the FAQ. It starts by talking about meditation (including cleansing, blocking & shielding) then talks about how to meet your spirit guides for beginners.

https://www.reddit.com/r/Psychic/wiki/index/faq?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf

The other articles is from the ‘best of’ section, but is another on how to meet your guides. 

https://www.reddit.com/r/Psychic/comments/76lobf/how_to_contact_your_spirit_guide/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf

Hope they help some Read the seven types of spirit guides by Yamile Yemoonyah. You can ask your guide to step into your auric field during a meditation and feel their energy. Step 1: get some foil

Step 2: you’re going to need exactly 5 sheets of paper

Step 3: origami fold the one piece of paper into a boat

Step 4…

Step 37: after you have completed the fire ritual then proceed to repeat steps 7-12 and then go to step 38.

Step 38…

Jk

In the spirit world it should be enough to focus the mind on something and they will get the call. Just talk to yourself, it’s the same thing. The voice you hear inside of you is you. There is a lot to learn.  <3 i would recommend these to start your learning journey:
Bian Weiss -> youll learn about the spirituality In a modern world
Helen wambach -> she's out of print. But if you can get life before life you ll learn more about reincarnation and life choices
Robert Monroe ->now we get to training.  There are many records uploaded on his obe season from the Monroe institute, so they are free to download anda great way to start.
Lobsang rampa -> these have knowledge a bit more hidden but they are there 

The hardest thing i have found of being an empath is to control strong feelings not yours.  All the negative feelings are strong and hard to control.  In my case, my father was also a violent man so i "have that bug" and that makes me easier to snap with them. 

However equally negative is sadness, desperation, depression etc Do your ground center and shield? Youtube can teach all three. Then do a practice while shielding and grounding. After sending your energy to the earth's core and calling it back up. do this. Pause the energy at each chakra. Begin at the root chakra and move up to the sacral, etc. 
Feel the energy of the chakra expand and let it spin. As each chakra spins, and the light in it and energy in it expands, observe it. A blocked chakra will not expand and open. So when you reach a blocked one, you will notice it does not expand it tries to remain smaller. Spend extra time pulling energy into that chakra. 

Know it may not work the first time. So move on up if there is resistance.

Depending on the reasons for the blockage inner child work may be needed. For example, I had a terrible block in my heart chakra where we store our grief. Work had to be done to release and heal that chakra.

We store worry in our root chakra, sexual trauma on our sacral chakras and etc.

Be patient. It happens over time, through confronting and healing that inner child in each area.

You may notice a popping sensation and a sound when the chakra first opens again, and a sense of joy that follows.

Some spiritual people recommend decalcifying your pineal gland with a change of diet. I can only tolerate so much in the way of dietary change myself. Veganism is not for all of us. It might help you. You can try it.

There are other things you can do. This is a place to start.

I find that doing this activity at a beach, in the actual surf, is helpful to me. It is the salt water and the grounding that I find of great use. If you know you’ve had past traumas then start there. When you begin a trauma healing journey your senses will wake up the more and more you heal. Getting in touch with yourself and being open and *honest* with yourself opens the third eye. [removed] "Am I crazy?" is a natural question for psychic input.   In particular, it is the Pineal gland / third eye that interprets things we feel yet cannot see.

You might find some reassurance studying chakras, remote viewing, and remote healing.  All of these things are known to exist, and have been duplicated by many people.  The CIA, Military, and Police have all been known to use a method called controlled remote viewing.

No, I don't think you are crazy. Hi there, I was you at one time! I’m turning 25 this year, but I was once the 16 year old girl who questioned my reality. 

Number one, you aren’t crazy! Believe yourself when you receive these messages. You already have the evidence to back it up. 

I saw you said you need help, so number two (my biggest piece of advice to you) is learning how to turn the dial up and down, how to turn it off, and how to shield yourself from unwanted messages. 

There’s a ton online that can help you, but a quick practice that I use is this: I start by closing my eyes and telling spirit that I’m not available right now. Then, I imagine slamming a door shut and locking up multiple industrial locks on the door with a key. Sometimes this works once, sometimes I have to do it a few times/shut multiple imaginary doors until I feel the messages turning off. Alternatively, I do the inverse when I’m ready to turn it back on. 

Hope this offers some guidance and helps to tackle your intuitive gifts a bit. Much love. Sorry, I just need help Not crazy at all. Just gifted. Try adopting a meditation practice! It can help you work on your gifts. And if you ever feel overwhelmed or anxious from it, practice grounding or channel your root chakra. Not crazy at all. Learn your gift and how to protect yourself. We are all as unique as our fingerprints and so are our gifts. You're absolutely not crazy. I find its a very normal (and regular) question I ask myself. A small dose of skepticism is healthy, in my book, because sometimes things that have happened really could just be mundane. However, your experience with your best mate sounds the opposite of mundane, and very interesting. 

You can probably practice that with people if you want (and they are okay with it), it sounds like you have an amazing talent there. And again, no, you're not crazy. Best of luck OP. I predict stuff without knowing, I start doing a vengeful thing, but I stop at the middle , because of regrets( I’m doing wrong thing), but at the end people still kill me, and I do regret that I didn’t listen to my instinct. 

Yes we can blame our 3 rd eye, because we can’t have a clear view of the things, meditation, self education, calm and correct breathing. Will make you’re “instinct” be more clear and wise. Only people who call you crazy are crazy. You are gifted, and it only gets better from here. I won’t say that it’s an easy journey having these abilities, as I am on the same path. But it’s a very eye-opening journey and it’s a lot of fun. You get to see things that a lot of people close themselves off too. This is truly a gift. Never think of it as a burden, this gift is here to help you grow and help other people. You should be proud of yourself for not shutting yourself off completely to it. Professional Reader here. Totally normal. **NOT** crazy. Empathic and Claircognizant would be my guess. Claircogs can do a little of everything. 



Wait til you can hear people's thoughts in their heads. That shit will trip you the fuck out first few times. Lol



Congrats! I would also like to mention that, IMHO it's always important a strong set of beliefs: call or religion or belief.  So that you can't get shaken, tampered or manipulated with >the weird thing was like i could almost turn on and off this “ringing tuning up a radio sound” i could also feel it in my ears turning on and off

I'm a lifelong skeptic/physicalist who started earnestly exploring spirituality about a year ago, and this year, for the first time in my life, I've been experiencing the radio static thing too. Very infrequently, but it has already led to a near-OBE for me on one occasion.

Interestingly, the last couple of times it's happened, I've also been able to switch it on and off. It's fascinating! It only ever happens to me first thing in the morning if I get the chance to start drifting back off to sleep (which, as the mum of a toddler, I don't get very often!). But it definitely sounds like we're both experiencing the same phenomenon! I’ve been having these too! With the spirituality- I believe that there’s a greater power out there and I’d like to help the people around me and find peace. Good luck to you! It sounds like you’re clairaudient, you can probably also do automatic writing since your hand was vibrating.

Research these two abilities and give yourself some time to learn. Good luck with your communications It's entities communicating with you. They use the ringing to tell you you're not losing your mind or get your attention. Try asking who they are. You don't need to speak out loud. You're experiencing them speaking to you through telepathy.  Sometimes headphones with music on can help differentiate the telepathy from auditory sounds. Just wait until you can hear the rotation of the earth, then go listen to space recordings of it.. it's a trip.

Welcome to the world of extra-sensory 😅 recently i’ve had this, everyday almost every moment. but the other stranger thing i’ve noticed is the amount of people that are experiencing the same thing. as ir it were an awakening of some sort. oor something else, like 5G towers or the vax. im 100% sure its spiritual tho because each time i get to control the ringing and frequency of it, i feel and see a presence around me. like a spirit. anyone else?? Yes the radio omg it’s annoying. Coincidentally, I just awkwardly told my group of cousins that their father (my 1st cousin) had made it through. Awkward because he passed away by suicide in 2015… but I wanted to tell them because I was so proud. 

I’ll try (so hard) not to ramble, but about *20* years ago I saw a Medium and we ended the session because we weren’t connecting. I couldn’t bridge who he was possibly talking about.. a man with two young girls, a new wife, takes his life and is “not in hell, but essentially stuck in the coat room outside heaven.. like a big party is going on but they’re in time out under the staircase” (o..k, wtf?) Anyway, this and many other examples fell flat regardless of how detailed he was… because he was reading the future spirit of people still alive!

As whacked as that is, his example made a lot of sense to the same thing you’re saying and the same way I’ve parted with energies too. In making my own connections, I would communicate with him from a different place than those ‘above’. It was as if he was in the next room. Then he was gone - and I blamed myself for being too busy/stressed, etc. There was silence for about three weeks, until my uncle passed away at 95. His brilliant turquoise energy was ‘up’ and dancing around the same day he passed (which was weird and strange for me!) and after a few days I asked him to check on my cousin. As if he was the same old uncle hiding a quarter behind a kids ear, the blue light faded before bursting back alongside a leaf-green fireworks, a color I hadn’t seen before. (If you’re still reading, I have a normal life and job and recognize how insane I sound). I knew immediately that it was my cousin. The bursts of light were the such an undeniable presence. I looked around, rubbed my eyes, cried, and it went on for 30 minutes. I don’t have a ton of stories like this, I’d say it’s in my top 5 of “holy shit this is really happening, huh?” 

I had hardly a fraction of that level of connection since March, and in a way, has reinforced the idea that it was salute of sorts. Like hey, thanks for the thoughts and prayers, I made it. (lol) Thinking of something sounds very like Claircognisance. It’s certainly the way I experience it, although we’re all different. I get a random thought unconnected to whatever I was doing or thinking at the time in a very calm emotionless almost matter of fact way, Sounds like dream precognition. I have a different question do you have masters or spiritual guides? I talk to mine sometimes in my dreams. someone recommended me this on this sub last week.. i have the same issue and i want to try to get more in touch with my abilities and have heard meditation works wonders but being anxious too is hard for me to put it in practice and wanted tips on how to do it.

“i would recommend mindfulness meditation to start. it seems like one of the harder ones but it was the most influential in my experience. essentially set a timer, start for say 3 minutes, and practice sitting in silence watching your thoughts. the goal is to watch your thoughts- try not to dive into them or start thinking about them. detach from them. let them pass. listen to what’s happening around you. feel yourself breath. be as present as possible. if you find yourself latching onto a thought and thinking about something, simply let it go and come back to the present. it can be hard at first and feel very uneasy, but doing this daily will quite literally change your life. the awareness you gain from this meditation allows you to feel, see, and hear psychic messages more often and more clearly. try it for at least a week and see if letting your thoughts pass without latching onto them gets easier. if so, up your time. if not, lmk and i’ll give you some other tips.” You need rituals/a ritual that will give you:
- grounding
- protection
- charging

Find or create one that resonates with you and aim to do it everyday. 

You also need a systematic way to explain and understand the experiences you are having. Do you believe the soul is part of the self or seperate? Do you believe the future is determined or flexible? Do you think these messages come from an outside source or an internal one? Answering these questions then testing them will give you more confidence in what you are experiencing. 

I'd also suggest therapy or another sort of mental health service to work on any traumas if you feel you have any buried deep within. Trauma is like sticky gunk on a tuning fork, a small amount is okay but even a little can lower your vibration and effect the clarity of what you receive. Clearing trauma is always advised in psychic work. Could be a mix of both. Not unusual. Most importantly I hope you learned to shield and set boundaries. Don’t automatically obey every spirit who talks to you. It’s ok to defy them. My intuition comes in as my thoughts. I have the same thing happen where I'll wake up, and I'll just know, and I'll think "Someone's about to knock on the door, they're coming in."

I think its like, we receieve divine knowledge from a higher power, and we translate it into our thoughts. Do you trust the voice? Does it make you feel scared? 

I've learned to seperate all my thoughts, good and bad. If there was a negative entity speaking to me, I'd know right away it was negative and those thoughts would get sent straight to the junk bin. But 9 times out 10, it is in fact just my higher self. I’ve had this same thing happen only a few times. It’s a voice in my head that is not mine. I’ve felt like each time it’s been my spirit guide. It happened the moment I got pregnant, I heard “your life is going to change forever”. Looking back it did, I ended up going through a rare diagnosis and miscarriage at 14 weeks. Before going into the hospital I was worked up and really nervous. I heard in my head 3 different times “you need to be brave” and it actually calmed me down. I could tell this was not coming from me. Strangest sensation… If you haven't been doing work to connect with your guides, it may be time to start that.  Most of the time I approach them to talk, in meditation and occasionally in dreams, but every once in a while they do get on the internal PA system like this.  Particularly with that "don't get up", if I heard that it would probably mean I was right on the edge of the appropriate meditative state to connect and communicate but my ADHD's got me popping up out of it to do some random thing. You can be both actually. I know some pretty neurotic psychics lol. We are only human. Perhaps you can try meditation to achieve a calmer state. Deep breathing exercises may help too. When you are able to control your anxiety and frustration you should be able to hear your intuition better. I think we are all psychic, to varying degrees. It's more a matter of recognizing and analyzing those messages for keys and then having confidence in the message. I've had psychic experiences my entire life.  Mostly in the form of prophetic dreams and I absolutely cannot control this gift. I've heard voices too but usually I wasn't able to make out words. I got to the point where I ignore the mumbling noise. It is usually so minimal that it doesn't warrant my time or emotion. I feel like your spirit guide responded while also letting you know they don't appreciate being "commanded" to do parlor tricks. Maybe next time humbly ask them for a hug 🥰❤️ I do this when I really really need it and I always feel their weight wrap around me I do not think a guide would touch you on command.  Your guides would not ever hurt you either. If anything hurt you, it could have been another type of entity. Unfortunately there isn't good without the bad. 

I suggest having a reiki session to clear stagnant energy around you and align your chakras. Then search for a guided meditation on YouTube. With practice and patience, you will be able to communicate with the other side. I would say to start with trying to communicate with your spirit animal totem to start. They are always with you. Was there anything special about your sitting/laying position? Could this have been caused one way or another? Where was your mental focus? Was your mind in your hand as you asked certain things? I can make myself ache with certain thoughts. You've been smote for your wickedness. Your guides are evil and that arm will rot and eventually fall off. 

What do you people actually think??? Do you WANT to be terrorized by your higher power? So hard to tell if you people aren't trolling.

Your arm was probably completely unrelated. Your guides won't interact on the physical plane, you have to BELIEVE, and LISTEN that's the point. They probably don't appreciate being commanded to touch you, that's weird. The first one is a healer, plain and simple, but that's not really how things work ... unless that's how you want to play it.  I can't say you won't have some unexpected repercussions from it.  You do you.

The second is what every person practicing with these energies should be doing, which is to create wards and/or shields.  

Being a healer is more "specialized," so to speak, but only because to be extremely efficient and effective, you need a long time to develop the skills.  I don't mean necessarily in one lifetime but rather in real terms.  A person who is a highly skilled healer has developed those skills on a path as part of their soul development. 

It appears that you're thinking about becoming a sort of paranormal dynamic duo, am I right? 

Resources can be found within.  You have to learn what's there before you go anywhere outside. It's called being a "projective Empath".  It's not rare but not as common as receptive empathic ability. What you describe as the opposite of an empath, is exactly how I experience empathy. I don't just "absorb" the energy, I *transmute* it and send it back as light. 


As for the ability to expand your energy outward in a protective way, I'm not sure it's a separate ability. I've only experienced this a few times, but it only happens when I am in immediate danger and I seem to do it automatically without any need for effort. It's like my energy pushes outward from me in all directions and NOTHING can enter it. Almost like an impenetrable force field around yourself. You can pull another being directly into this field, for their protection as well. Each time I have done this outward push of energy, I have felt compelled to get the eff out of dodge immediately after. To me, it feels more like an escape method, not a battle method. Wow! I sure wish I were YOU.
F! I'd LOVE to be you! 
🤯😭🤯🫂🤯😭🤯❗❗❗❗❗❗❗

Well, I HAVE heard of this, and it HAD a name, but this was like back in the 80's when I was a little kid and it was from entertainment; so as for complete correctness, not so much I figure.

I gotta ask how did this happen? Were you BORN like this, Meditate your way into this? Have an NDE or something? Honestly you could be! I’m not sure if you’ve heard of this term, but it seems like you’re having prophetic dreams. I tend to get them once in a blue moon, but definitely start keeping a dream journal and writing down these dreams, that’s what I do There's a funny concept in Kdramas, which may or may not be part of their culture (I have no idea) that your ancestors can send you those winning lottery numbers.  See Mystic Pop-up Bar on Netflix.  It was amusing.

Start meditating and keeping a journal of these things.  I wish I had but I'm now four decades in and haven't got the patience for such things.  Fortunately, I'm blessed with a rather great memory so it's only a loss if I should be asked for proof.  Fortunately again, I don't care to prove anything to anyone else. It's just this innate, certain feeling. Hard to describe. You just know. But if you are confused or have doubts then that's not your intuition. It's a conviction. [deleted] i get a hunch then read body language and think and then get this gut feeling like something isn’t right or i get this moon energy like theres things that haven’t been revealed yet It feels like clarity, like clean water. 
Sometimes I feel it in my fingers. I'll get a pain and know. 
Other times I think a spirit is screaming at me "No" and I hear it. I feel it as a counter/clockwise flow of movement in my heart chakra Body. Yes makes my heart beat faster, no feels like a void. Like an epiphany the vast majority of the time. The answer 'pops' into my mind and I'm instantly sure of its correctness. 

I have at times, also had a physical sensation right above my left ear. Thanks for sharing, guys! 💕 The feeling I get for confirmation is  a“ stop you in your tracks” feeling. It’s almost as if a cop is saying stop right there & you stop. I also am clairaudient, so I can hear yes or no from spirit or my guides. But they also show me the  “why” part as well. The “why” is followed by a message or a visual for me. 

For instance, if someone asks “Will my ex-boyfriend come back?”
I will hear a “No” & then feel a sensation that’s a gut feeling or the “stop you in track feeling” to confirm the  “No”. I will ask “yes” & I will hear “No” again and that gut feeling comes back again to confirm. 

After that, the reason why will appear and I will get a vision of the situation or spirit says something and I also feel the emotions of the people while the vision or message is being given to me simultaneously. Now I’m insanely curious…what is this thing Are you looking for someone to take it off your hands anywhere ? Or are you just looking for recommendations of occult museums that can take it of your hands that aren’t overseas? If it has specific cultural significance maybe even a history museum may look after it In my experience any psychic I have gone to has told me that their reading is what will happen IF I continue on the same path, making the same choices, don’t change anything, etc. Our actions have consequences. I think this was more of a warning to your boyfriend that he needs to take his physical and mental health seriously and work on figuring out those issues. I think him choosing to ignore these issues is the current path he is on that will lead him to this “early death”. The outcome is not set in stone depending on the action he takes. Of course that is just my opinion and my belief on the way predictions work but it’s something I’ve heard from others with that gift as well. On a side note I think it was pretty shitty of that lady to word it so terribly bluntly and could have just warned him of his health. My sister got a psychic reading almost two years ago that said she would be in a car accident, in April 2022. That would've been last month. Guess who's just fine. Lol.

Don't ever let anyone project death or major illness, onto you. That's no good psychic. That's someone who needs to learn to see brightness in their own future. Sounds like this person has some pretty poor boundaries. I'm sorry your boyfriend is going through it. You, too. Pretty fucked up, in my opinion! Pardon the language. Can't say I'm crazy about your friend's mother. Once boundaries got out the window, you can't trust a thing that a person says.

Source: Someone who has given psychic readings for years, and has met many, many talented, ethical readers :\^) I've also met some people with terrible boundaries, jeez, who I wouldn't recommend to anybody... Definitely consult a medical doctor but I also recommend seeing a skilled reiki / quantum healer to address the "pain" on an energetic plane. All things, as vibration, exist in more subtle dimensions before they manifest in 3D. This is very general advice so please take w a grain of salt. But if he were to address this immediately (!) there could be progress to be made. 

Emotional healing is a very personal process so it would have to be entirely his choice. Considering he came into this world as a young child with the pain you describe, it's likely that his soul has carried it from past incarnations. It's imperative to understand that should he ignore the emotional work that needs to be addressed, it will only follow him into the next incarnation. But again, at the end of the day it is his decision. 

Everybody should learn to grow comfortable w the notion of death. Whether through a creeping illness or a sudden accident it's a fate we will all meet. We came here as souls and will leave as souls. 

The nature of love (or God) is unconditional and everlasting - it transcends space and time. It is infinitely more powerful than the fleeting fear and pain we experience during our time here. Find your peace, flow, release, forgive, and heal No tarot reader or psychic can tell someone’s death. She’s misreading the signs. Relax, take a breath and consider what the message truly meant. Not a death impending.

Source: I myself have suffered in imaginable psychological pain.  Gonna try to live a happy long life. If there is a serious concern of self harm a mental health professional would be best. It can take a while to find the right method and fit but it’s better to address this sooner than later. Any psychic that sets out to do harm in this world, or tries to change the events of Source isn't worth their salt. It's egocentric behavior. I carry psychic gifts, some people hold those dark clouds but it's not my place to say anything. I'd put undue stress on the other person and allow them to engage in an endless battle with Great Spirit. I'm not going to carry that burden. I just had heart surgery on a valve. I hand been ignoring going to the doctor for 5 years, just went year ago and they confirmed a heart disease. So, yeah, go in and get checked out. Most major fatal heart problems can be fixed with about a 1% chance of fatality, which is about the same chance you will die every year. Just take him to the hospital and see what they say about his heart and then go from there Just in case get his affairs in order and go enjoy life!!! It is our duty to share when we receive a message about someone. They may not believe you completely but maybe they go to a cardiologist (in this case). When she told him, was he apprehensive/worried, or relieved? Wait did you say he’s felt this way since 6 years old! It’s obvious that he has issues that he needs to address from a past life. When issues, feelings, and thoughts from a past life or even past lives go unresolved they can be carried on in this life and it will manifest in different ways. I high highly suggest checking past life regression and going to several past life regression therapists. I know some people think it’s impossible to regress into a past life, but even if the details of the past life you are regressing are incorrect your soul is generally pretty good at tapping into past life traumas and feelings and that’s all that matters. I remember watching a video of a lady on tiktok who does past life regression and she was working with someone who experience depression for a long long time and wasn’t responding to treatment through meds and therapy. When the lady did the past life regression it helped heal her depression and so many other anxieties she had. It helped to explain trauma she experienced in this life. 

Check on mallorie shannon’s videos on tiktok. She also does remote regression. I don’t have experience with it myself but I’d love to get a reading done on myself in the future. There’s also other people who do regression. Dr. It's pretty much all interpretations of symbols, to start with.

Also if you were paying, customers generally want to hear the ex is coming back so there is some pressure to say it.  No matter that this almost never works out in real life, is generally a terrible idea, therapists hate it, and people should move forward through their lives and not backwards, it's the answer you want.  And I don't think it's just the reader BS'ing you, I think if you're sitting there desperately wanting to hear it, you're going to affect the energy of the reading, plus you're not asking the reader to read YOU exactly, you're asking them to tell you what someone else is going to do.

And that person a) isn't there contributing their energy to the reading b) has free will.  And they have their own path they're meant to walk in life that is also generally meant to go forward and not back.

Readers are doing the best they can with what they're given to work with.  It's much easier to reach information about what has already happened, and for a lot of readers the very near future is fairly attainable.  But none of us get a written-in-stone guaranteed newsfeed from the future because the future is fungible and is entangled with so so so many threads of fate and free will - including some much bigger threads than just two random people.

I always warn people that it's a bad sign if you're asking multiple readers the same query.  It's probably time to move on from that expectation and concentrate more on how you can attract the best possible relationship for you and what to look for as signposts on that path, rather than trying to find out what one specific person is going to do. The future is not set in stone, everyone involved can change the collective path based on a ton of factors. The energies right now have everyone moving very quickly too, meaning things are even more subject to change.
(As a side, my friend, who is not a practiced psychic, got a psychic gig and the first thing she was told was “if anyone asks about their ex the answer is always yes, they’re coming back”) Life is complicated and circumstances change depends on the thing that is being predicted. Predicting future changes timelines, but that doesn't mean the same events don't happen.

For example if you(accurately) predicted a tsunami, obviously that would be set in stone (you won't change the tectonic plates). Or a certain political event. Getting sick in 2 days would be pretty set (incubation period > 2 days)But in the less extreme, people who are receiving information from a psychic are given small amounts of information that may not adequately deviate from a predicted timeline. And also you don't have control over environment even with the predictions which can be problematic

In broad general (and what seems to be the case here), you can have a lot of control by knowing the probability or elements of the future and it's best to think you can choose an optimal future path.

Additionally, a lot of people have influence on the future (either by you involving them, or them having precognition or them being influenced indirectly by your deviation in the timeline) which complicates creating a set path since everyone is involved (too complicated to fully predict).

In this case it's somewhat concerning they don't have a consistent answer and aren't pointing out the level of certainty of their answers, so most of them probably don't have a good method to determine a good answer to that question (they likely aren't seeing enough nuances in the possible timelines to give an accurate answer).

And even if they get accurate info, predicting the future is something very different so the seemingly best may be wrong.

&#x200B;

Pretty much you should take the actions you think is best

Edit: formatting When you look at a picture and describe it, you may see things someone else does not.

Think of two people looking at the same picture, and the describing it to a third (you).

Now imagine if both those people have a different set of colours they can see, which changes the entire tapestry of what they are looking at. As far as I can tell, the future is fluid. Timelines can flow beside each other, cross over at certain points, run together for a bit, and then split again. Can't really know what path you're on until the important stuff happens. I've had many similar experiences - there is one psychic who I've been seeing for years who has accurately predicted numerous events in my life (with extremely accurate details, down to names), but other things he has said have never come to fruition (or haven't come to fruition, yet). It still doesn't change my opinion that he is an extremely intuitive and accurate psychic. I think what it comes down to, is that we as human beings have free will, and multiple different paths are being presented to us all the time that we can take. So if we walk down path a, we may get result a, if we walk down path b, we might get result b, and so forth. This particular psychic (and others that I know) also see some things with a higher or lower level of energy or momentum. Meaning, the possibility of one opportunity has a great amount of energy, meaning, this is more than likely to occur, whereas other opportunities sort of flow in and out of your energy field, and you can take it if you wish, but it's not something that I would necessarily consider destined to happen, more as a potential expression of free will. We are living in an eternal now and timelines are constantly changing. Those who are more connected to spirit and have a true will and awakening are harder to predict there timelines because they know how to connect with God and change it. So far, not a single one. If they’re vague, they’re not legit. And sadly, 99.999% of psychics “selling” their services are scammers. 

Just think…if they are legit, why aren’t they already millionaires? Why do they need your $50? Why don’t they know which stocks will continuously rise?

I always test psychics with things I know. No one has even been right, except one person who I just kind of ran into and they don’t sell or advertise that they’re psychic. If you follow the testing method, a legit psychic won’t be dismissive of you. First of all, if you know the future, how do you not know the present? 

Just somethings to think about. I hope you don’t fall into this psychic scamming train. I was burned years ago. Thousands of dollars in debt. You can become addicted. I, too, started reading from general curiosity. But then I took their advice and bullshit, fake visions and ruined my life. Don’t let scammers cloud your judgment. If they were real, they’d have their life in order and wouldn’t be waiting for customers all day. There's many ways people can act predatorial towards others and "extract" from their victims to seemingly enrich themselves. I would take this warning as advice to be aware of anyone that may take advantage, emotionally, socially or financially. Google New Orleans vampires there’s a huge community there. *There are actual vampires in NOLA.* 

She could also be talking about spiritual vampires (those who want to spiritually and emotionally drain you). Likely she was talking about the real ones though. As for not being able to “see” them, she may mean that they look like ordinary people passing by. As someone who lives in New Orleans, everyone is pretty open and talkative. Which is a bit of a cultural shock at first. It takes a while to learn discernment and figure out who is just trying to manipulate you. Drinking is a big thing here and that definitely fogs the vision a bit. Once I stopped drinking I had way less vampire encounters Energy suckers man .. those are the worst !!! Energy vampires. I wonder if she sensed your dynamic in your family and that aspect of you.  I feel like we can tun from one toxic situation anx it can cone up in our lives where ever we go because there is something for us to release.  Its a cycle until you heal what life wants you to.  Thats just my take on it.  But its possible you still carry that karma so to speak and thats what she sensed.  But i guess she was pretty specific about the familiar 🤔 Yeah there are vampires. They are rarely a physical being though, more like a parasitic ghost.

I suppose it’s possible some of these vampiric spirits have cult-like followings of human “familiars” to collect blood or energy for them. Haven’t heard much about it but many powerful spirits can influence people.

There’s a great book: Vampires the Occult Truth by Konstantinos, it lays it all out. Actual walking corpse physical vampires are apparently rare but not out of the question. I think the vampiric spirit can get powerful enough to reanimate its body or possess another.

Anyways check out the book it’s great. Good luck out there! I think I received a similar message from a reading about moving to NOLA too. The reader just said it differently, but energetically to me it’s the same. He said: don’t associate with people who are still very attached to their ego. (Ego-maniacs)

I understood the energy of what he said, because my parents are both ego-maniacs and I was a little sad to connect to it to the people I had already met in town. At the time I really didn’t know how to differentiate a truly caring person and someone pretending to be caring and it’s actually taken a few years of trial and error to get it. If you feel exhausted or euphoric (extremes) after interacting with them, they are not truly caring. Truly mutually beneficial connections have the benefit happen simultaneously and it usually feels very calming and fulfilling. It is not, I do this for you and then you pay me back in the way I have decided you pay me back. loets of living entities in NOLA for sure, as well as underground vampire communities. I dont think they go out & target people but you can sell ur blood (I know this cuz a friend of mine sold his blood to vampires once.) However there is a ton of spiritual warfare going on down there. & def predators, but also amazing people as well. She’s warned you about Lestat Why didn't you ask her this question, can I ask 🤔?

Is there a way to clarify with her?

For me it is always better to clarify with the person who said the message than with other people. A lot gets lost in translation. It seems she had a specific message for you and here is a little bit of exploration/indagation in the comments...

I hope your move goes very well!! Energetic vampires. NOLA and pretty much Louisiana as a whole is a big ‘weak spot’ in the portal/veil. Celebrities Did you ask for clarification/did she offer any? I was thinking vampires as more of energy drainers. People who suck your energy. But then they said you’d only be able to see their familiars and now I’m just as confused as you OP 😂 be careful out there! Dark energy in Nola. I would not recommend living there. She didn’t mean blood sucking vampires. It’ll suck your positive energy out of you. I’ve experienced it every time I go there. That’s why I don’t go anymore Are you open to sharing your psychic’s information? Does she have a business to contact? If not I understand, it’s just that I’ve been meaning to find someone who is pet say legit and knowledgeable in that area. I trust you've subscribed to r/Louisiana and are aware of how things are moving politically in that state?  You definitely need to be extremely careful in every single possible way there.

My family has a long and very deep history there but I wouldn't and won't set foot there for love or money. Watch out for the Pig People also Energy vampires im assuming Can you dm her info Your psychic loved the show "True Blood". Yay! Welcome to our pretty city. Definitely join r/NewOrleans it’s hilarious but also a good source of local issues. We do have vampires here and it’s always wise to shield and have a good BS meter. But the city is also very friendly and welcoming, so please don’t assume everyone’s terrible. It’s the south so you’ll find yourself in all sorts of random conversations with locals, the majority of these interactions being magical in the best ways. I’ve always found the city to be profoundly magical and my experience is that the city provides exactly what you need/deserve. The karma here seems instantaneous at times, so watch out for that, and the magic is very old. People either love it or hate it. They don’t mean the blood sucking vampires!they just mean the vampires that suck the good emotions out of you! New Orleans is a place with great energy. I'm sure she meant to watch out for those who feed on people's energy and leave them with dark or negative energy. sounds like referencing to The Originals show about the vampires For what it's worth; Not all psychics are legit and legit psychics are not always 100% correct. So decide for yourself what to take from that. Be smart, be safe and always practice psychic protection. 💜 Years ago psychics would make a tape of sessions so you can reflect back on your reading. Sometimes you are given a lot of information and if you stop to think hard about just one element of what’s said you will miss a link. Next time ask for a taping and/ or if you can use your phone to record sessions. You need to get in touch with her to get clarification of your reading… it does you no good if you don’t understand what she was saying and/ or implying. Some readers charge a hefty sum for readings and I’m sure you want your money’s worth. 

You shouldn’t have to guess and/ or have other people interpret what a reader told you, you deserve to get a official and accurate reading that’s chrystal clear to you! The mind is narrative, Spirit is simple. If what’s happening in your head is a whole story or a linear thought-out process, that’s likely your mind. If it’s a complete & instant “Knowing”, an emotion, or one or two words, that’s likely Spirit/intuition. Have the mindset that your other clairs are developing and your claircognizance is your strongest Clair. I also share this problem but when I started to change my mind set I've been noticing static, floaters which indicates my clairvoyance is developing and I also have started to have ringing in my ears. Just keep practicing and everything will fall into its place easily. To put it very simply, your intuition or intuitive messages will be a light to tap on the door, whereas your own thoughts and fears will be a bang on the door. If it’s loud, it’s probably not your intuition. That’s how I see it A message should feel like a rudimentary thought form that comes more quickly and consciously. You then interpret that with what question you had. This is my personal experience.

Typically, information that comes specifically through my left ear is from my guides, for myself.  Information that comes through the right ear is for other people.

I don't know if it works for others this way.

Here's what I'd suggest, after your meditation, take 5-10 minutes and write down anything you heard, that you could make out, first. 

Then write down the thoughts in your head, even if they seem random or irrelevant.

Note any feelings in your body, "my shoulder feels weird" "my feet were tingling" "Chest feels tight" "throat is sore" or "totally normal"

Make a note of any images in your mind.  Describe them or even sketch them out.

Pick a color.  Whatever come to mind first 

Are there any numbers that come to mind?  If not, write down the time.

I have a chart that I use to prompt me on all these things ready to go as soon as I'm ready to write.  I've personally found this EXTREMELY helpful to distinguish psychic information.

I hope this helps.  Also, if anyone has ideas to add, please comment.  We can all learn from each other.

As always, remember to be kind, practice compassion. I might not quite have "clairaudince" but i know its normal. The reson being what sorcerers call "left side awarness". It is refering to that energy tends to be distributet unequally in the body, so often the left eye and the left ear would be more "psychic" then the right once. In my experience, I tend to hear things out of one of my ears not both. Not that I’m doubting you, but what makes you think you’ve been getting negative energy from this woman? What specifically is the result of this bad energy? Is it something you noticed yourself? Or is this just something a few psychics have told you about? Yes if you can talk to her and maybe even things out its best option before doing in any magickal activities.

And even she is sending any bad energy, just regular cleansing, meditation and grounding will build you energy body so you don't have to worry about negative influence. Yes it may be a good idea to reach out to her to solve any problems you have with her. sometimes communications is necessary for her to heal/stop hating you so she will stop sending bad energy.

if she isn’t willing to communicate then I guess you will need to find a way to protect your energy so that her bad energy can’t affect you as much The easiest way to stop a curse is stop feeding it. No one can hurt you more than your own paranoia Uhm is it bad that I know that one of my friends is gonna be marrying a person with the initials JG? Meditation, sleep mask and ear buds.

Obviously you won't be sleeping but when I meditate I use ear buds or I use headphones and listen to meditating music so I block out any thoughts or sounds  that may distract me. don't need to lose focus on whats around. Concentrate. the sleep mask I've been using helps me see things behind my eyelids or in my minds eye. Including faces. Well, sure environment has an affect on our mental, emotional, physical and spiritual development.  That said, it's hard to say what affect various environments would have on someone.  Sometimes adversity makes people more psychically open whether or not being psychic equates with one's spirituality is pretty individualistic though. People are complete products of their environments. I do mean 100%. So, yes. I don't know what your goals are, but one of the biggest environmental negative influences on children (besides parents) are school systems. In many ways, but primarily influences from peers. I've been to a few different school districts, the smaller ones always seemed much better (though poorer and likley less educational), the peers are better. Cities… I think it depends on the situation. But being able to sink really deep into relaxed meditation helps. Shamanic journeying and obe's help.And it takes practice to discern what's really there and what your mind wants to invent.

Maybe start with shamanic journeying. There are guided meditations on Youtube to help with that.   
Then try obe's.   
Everything is energy and we're all connected. I really believe anyone can remote view with enough practice.  


Good luck! Not sure but this might help r/remoteviewing Try and imagine you're in a white room and there's a door. Ask whatever and open the door. Do not think and allow the picture to come. Or you don't even need to imagine a white room. It's quite an easy method and quick. Lookup Monroe institute gateway project. I believe the cia research into this was part of the remote viewing programs. Memorys a bit fuzzy There was a type of remote viewing where you could look out of someone elses eyes thousands of miles away. It takes the skill of the host person though, they are professionaly trained and the link you in via a form of hynotism. Yes!!! Thank you for typing “remote viewing” I have been wanting to research this for 2 weeks and I could not for the life of me remember what it was called.  🤣👍 You ever hear that saying about not being on the same wavelength as other people?   

Or have those friends of friends you just can’t get seem to really ‘click’ with? You’ve got the same friends, same interests, same sense of humour, and in theory you should get along like a house on fire too, and yet….you just don’t 

We aren’t all on the same wavelength! It happens when giving readings too, some people you just can’t read, for absolutely no good reason at all, it just doesn’t happen. Life is just like that. Some people are naturally more defensive (and naturally better at mentally shielding & blocking others), some people work at blocking others, illness both physical and mental can block it, tiredness and stress do, being over emotional can do massively. On either or both sides. Sometimes it’s a temporary thing, sometimes it’s more permanent but some people just aren’t on your wavelength and you just aren’t on theirs. Hope you guys are having fun. Spirit are everywhere and near you all the time. I can record them in any cemetery,  public places like retail outlets, hospitals, and many homes. etc. Most are ghosts (stuck for some reason) but some may also be from the light. Any being telling you an exact future is either in a deception themselves or trying to trick you. Maybe both.

You might be able to make an educated guess based on patterns you’re seeing but there’s no way to know exactly what will happen in the future. That’s the nature of the chaotic energy of the universe. Makes things more exciting. Seeing the same numbers frequently is a synchronicity, and a lot of the time they will appear when you are thinking abou/feeling something in order to tell you something about it, such as that you are on the right track, etc. I believe 777 is a good sign, and I’d recommend you to look up something like “angel number 777” or “777 synchronicity meaning”. A definition of synchronicity is, “an event of spiritual significance that ask us to momentarily dampen our self-obsession and consider the possibility of the divine. Synchronistic experiences leave us with a curious sense that we should pay attention.”

As for the dreams and the voice in your head, they are most likely precognitive dreams, which are basically dreams that predict the future. You should definitely keep a dream journal if you aren’t already. Most of my precognitive dreams are about events that happen between right when I wake up to when I fall asleep the next day, though some can be about events months from when I had the dream. Although, if the warnings are about really bad things happening and making you feel scared or depressed, etc, then it may be a negative entity that is going into your dreams. As to where the voice comes from if it really is precognitive, it’s your subconscious/your higher self, although none of my precognitive dreams have downright told me in words what it is, so it might be a spirit guide/benevolent entity for some reason. Id say listen to them 777.. is mostly from my side yeah Compared to average people, you sound very unburdened and free; even just how vividly you can do this while in a conscious state is above average. Many people might have blockages put in place by others, at least according to my recent research, and some people are troubled by spirits doing unwanted things to them.

I've wanted to be able to meditate in peace without sudden intrusions created by other beings, let alone see through my mind's eye clearly enough; yet things can often be staticky. And my greatest dream has been to imagine my own realities similar to how you described, however that's very difficult for me to do consciously. I have seen beings and practiced telepathy with them. Can do it with certain people, some people are like bricks.

Most people who hear me just smile, some have told me they aren't supposed to talk about it. Pretty interesting to practice telepathy with someone and then have them respond verbally as well.

Have also noticed some people's eyes have certain odd qualities, when they appear to me others freak out when they see me - think they can see my aura or whatever as well.

One person whose eyes appeared blue - white dots all over, looked at me and said "you're not supposed to be here" and ran away. 

One person saw floating candy that one of these people gave to me before. I decided not to eat the candy.


Can I see otherworldly entities or something? Lovely. Let's make mediumship (and the world's information flow in general) more efficient:

Traditional mediumship is inefficient because the medium can only connect one person and one spirit at one time. Most people don't know how to get information directly, and the number of practising mediums is small. Let's instead drag people into this newly constructed place where they can send or perceive spiritual information better. Now more people can get connected at the same time and one person communicating to multiple people at once is possible. And unlike traditional mediumship, the entire sensory stream is available for connection.

Enjoy what the world should be like. I want to be pulled into the astral 🙋‍♀️ lol
But also, you might enjoy r/astreality they do fun astral meetup projects you would LOVE. They just had a easter egg hunt on their island for spring! Where they leave objects and others go and try to find them and guess what they left and where. You might even be able to be a huge asset to their events with your AP helper gifts. 

Here is their island: 
[Astrealitys Hoclaros Island ](https://www.reddit.com/r/Astreality/comments/qseh3z/updated_hoclaros_map/?utm_medium=android_app&utm_source=share)
& The Sigil to draw for the portal entrance:
[Island Portal Sigil](https://www.reddit.com/r/Astreality/comments/hp16v1/cleaner_version_of_ukkbolitos_hoclaros_sigil/?utm_medium=android_app&utm_source=share)

The second subreddit that has a location meet up is:

r/AstralArmy 
&their Portal Sigil and location info is:
[AstralArmy Portal Sigil](https://www.reddit.com/r/AstralArmy/comments/7iozi7/how_to_get_to_our_location/?utm_medium=android_app&utm_source=share) Yes.

One time a woman was trying to take my job. At the time I was her boss. I sent her to another state to do some training with an office we had there. A tree fell on her car. The next time she was in a different state, and she got food poisoning. She was stuck in the hotel for three days. She quit.

Things like that happen with me all the time. 

You just have to remember not to be happy about it, don’t celebrate their loss. That would be against Karma. Not sure if it's the same as this but when I feel really angry and disturbed due to someone hurting me or saying mean things, it seems to affect them. I once lent some money to a friend/co-worker inspite of his bad history of repaying the money on time because he was almost begging me to give him money. He didn't return the money at the time he promised. Later, he left the job and when I contacted him about the money, he started to abuse me and said mean things. I felt very disturbed for days thinking this is what I get for helping someone in need. After getting back at him, he did promise to pay the money back soon but that was again a lie. I also got to know that he took money from one of my other friends who I had lent money to on the pretext of giving it back to me but he never did. This infuriated me a lot, I had a lot of negative feelings and anger towards him. Later when I tried to get in touch with him, I got to know that he died in an accident! The person I spoke with also sent me a photo as proof of him being dead in the accident and tbh the accident seemed to be pretty bad. I have a pure heart and feel that if someone tries to mess up with it, I have the ability to curse that person. Listen, wait, just be open. I ask questions. I take directions.

I meditate I will say from my experience. It was a bit hard at first. I tried to do automatic writing but it was a bit tricky. But it got better later on as my heart chakra cleared up more. The first I channeled is my on and off partner's higher self. I meditated and tried to asked his higher self "Allow me to feel your energy".... thus I did and I tried not to think and just let the thoughts come out. Some of these beings had very powerful energy, like it could break open my body as most these were from a higher place. It's just possession in a way but you are in control and can kick them out. Now I don't really do it much these days. Just simple telepathy and reading their energy to know if they are who they say they are. There is a similarity that all channelers share, beside being the Creator, they all meditate. 

Some channeler may take days or years for conditioning to takes its place. While in meditation, while the intellect is silent, the desire to channel start taking place, there is a pressure in the jaw, the body tends to move automatically, one starts to feel like one is reading a book, concepts are being impressed slowly. There will be a pressure in the backnof the head, in the cerebellum, because the higher self or a higher being its sending a narrow band frequency of thoughts, it is the entrance point of conditioning. 

There has to be a desire and intent to serve the One Infinite Creator. This desire is an impetus, a driving force. Avail the self to the Creator within and this shall take place. All in meditation. What does channeling mean to you? Is it a flow of energy or information? Is it allowing another spirit to borrow your body? These things can happen. Mind over matter is a reality. Unfortunately most of us are unaware how powerful are we are.

John I have, I personally could do telekinesis, but I haven't figured out how I do it yet. When my mom gets spooked from a show or anything her tv and devices act strangely with weird screen tears and pauses to a complete shutoff, I try not to let her watch spooky stuff now. Yeah I get this a lot but it mainly makes things fall over or fly about. The other day my girlfriend came to check at me at work because paintings kept falling of the wall and I’d been having an awful day Around the time of my extreme psychic awakening I felt energy or something shoot out of my body in all directions and it make the bed of the mental institution I was in squeak and wiggle and the room shook slightly. This happened twice in about a 10 min period. Hasn't happened years since. Years ago I would walk into a room and the light blows out. Happened like 4-5 times hasnt happened in a while. This post just made me remember That’s cool af! I don’t do that but I once had an electric swoosh suddenly go through my head and the power went completely out! I also asked my spirit guides to prove they were real and asked them to set of my fire alarm and they did within seconds, months later I asked again bc I was seriously doubting and they set it off AGAIN -within seconds! I also feel spirits around me and touch me several times a week. It’s wild [deleted] It’s kus everything is energy including our emotions so that is why it influences everything else around us A long time ago, but was fighting with my mom and a lightbulb literally flickered & fizzled out in our house. Did you know that telekinesis is totally real scientifically speaking?

It's just almost impossible to replicate or control especially under scientific observation.

But telekinesis itself has ben well documented even in animals for many years. Unfortunately, it's almost impossible to control (in the state of today's science). It's a natural phenomenon that usually happens *unconsciously*.

It does happen. We just don't know how. Hahahahahahahaha [removed] Kind of. My tv freezes. sounds like a super-normal ability that can be honed.. I believe its possible Yeah...lights, radios, anything involving cell phone towers.

One time I told my friend how I could turn speakers and lights off and on from across the room. He said I was a witch and if I did it again he'd stop talking to me.Also I come from a conservative Christian background...so I took that as a sign that I shouldn't mess with energy like that. I haven't tried it since.

But yea, intense moods definitely affect the world around me.Everything is energy so it makes sense.. I will explain but anyway, nobody will give a damn about it  so... yawn... We’re all different so if you don’t get that gut feeling, that’s okay, you may just receive information differently and not be aware what your ‘tells’ are, for want of a better word. 

Personally, I find intuition is cool, detached, calm and unemotional, very matter of fact, but anxiety is quite urgent, it’s emotional and repetitive. Intuition (unless I’m actively performing a reading and wanting to tune into it deliberately) is just a thought that appears from nowhere, there’s no train of thought or no discernible track where that that thought came from. Anxiety has a trail. 

If I’m painting and decorating I may be thinking about laying dust sheets, checking my brushes, getting the scissors and masking tape so if suddenly from nowhere I have a matter of fact thought that my neighbours cat is stuck in a shed across the road, that’s intuition. I wasn’t thinking about the neighbour or the cat, I wasn’t thinking anything remotely connected to them, the thought just crashed into my head. There’s no emotion in that thought, although my emotion will follow after the thought when I’m panicking for the cat!

If that thought wasn’t about the cat or the neighbour, say it was a thought I’d kick the paint over and ruin the carpet, that’s anxiety. I was thinking about decorating, my mind is focused on it so I can see a clear train of thought that would lead me to the anxious thought. It’s a panicking kind of thought and it repeats screaming in my head. Anxieties are often fear based. Intuition isn't based on fear. Its more of a knowing instead of beign afraid.

Over time youwill learn how to discern those two better. Intuition is more of a flash. 
Anxiety is more intrusive. 
Dunno if that makes sense. 🤷🏼‍♀️ Intuition for me is just knowing.
Anxiety makes me indecisive.

If I question it and I'm unsure: anxiety.
If I question it and I still feel like it's true/right/going to happen: intuition.

I'm like you, very detached. No emotion to my intuition. So that's why I also cognitively analyze it to tell the difference.

The times it is a feeling it's a flowing blanaced feeling. Anxiety feels stressed, rushed and "bumpy". Haha Completely normal. Third eye in particular is very sensitive and many people like you will instantly feel pressure here. If you continue you are working on your third eye and opening it.

Yes you should continue even if its uncomfortable unless you start getting headache and also don't forget to work on your lower chakras first. They tend to be very neglected. If you ever hear instructions to harm yourself or another, that is psychotic. Psychic attunement is peaceful, uplifting, and supportive. Just don’t go blindly fallowing the words of something. Much love and peace. But has an actual radio station tuned in to you. It’s scary and overwhelming. If you ever hear voices telling you to harm yourself or another, please seek medical intervention. try to think of it not as good and bad, real or non real, but as phenomena that promote love/truth/happiness or phenomena that promote delusion/anger/desire. there is no clear answer, but you may have other useful thoughts as you ponder the question Two pieces of advice. 1. Practice grounding exercises. This means honoring your current ego and physical body in a healthy way, whether that be through excercise or visualizing energetic roots that connect you to earth. Sometimes, we can get too caught up with the crown/soul connection that it causes dissociation. You may even access information that isn't really meant for you, and that can lead you astray. Balance is key. This will help with the psychosis. 

2. Work on clearing out energy blockages/unbalanced energy centers. Many times, this can be caused by trauma or fear. And this can block the flow of your energy. Everyone channels energy differently, so some people are more affected than others depending on where those blockages are.  Once you do that, your gifts will become much stronger. This is not something that can typically be done in a day. It takes consistent practice. I'm also connected to my higher self and higher than the higher self, source. We're like radios true, but we are are 'it'. It takes practice, time, logic to understand your thoughts more and where it could come from. I read the energy source of the words I gain to know if it's lower vibe or higher vibe, energy vampire like. Just be a good energy reader, understand how it makes you feel, try to see if there's any 'false' light or if it's truly light by finding the the root. What mental illness are you talking about if you don't mind disclosing? start to meditate I have experience with opening my third eye I started meditating 3 days and then one night I felt this pressure right in the middle of my eyebrow and if it gets to much pressure just breathe but if you don’t feel it then keep practicing Before you open your third eye, make sure you are spiritually awakened and balance your lower chakras so that you are grounded and don't get overwhelmed. Looking at your comments, I'm not sure if it's a good idea to open your third eye forcefully without having some solid foundations. These solid foundations are meditation and a belief system, among others. Awakening the third eye will take a toll on your spiritual and mental strength if you are not ready. It's like asking to join a rally race when you haven't even got your driver's license. It's a BIG risk. But you do you. i think the experience of opening your third eye is going to be different and special for each individual, but when it happens you’ll know without a shadow of a doubt. mine almost popped, it felt like i had finally made enough connections in my thinking and something snapped I hope this helps you Avoid tf out of florinated water. It attaches to the pineal gland.  Im always much sharper the less I drink.  Take magnesium citrate as it will help your body remove it. Hey, at least you're not the only weirdo! 👋 Hi, I'm a weirdo in public too.

I don't have answers, I only have solidarity. I really caution against using psychedelics until one can command their focus & will their energy. At the very least, absolutely microdose. 

3D reality envelopes us like an eggshell. It's both a boundary/limitation, as well as a protective sheath. Trauma & spiritual practice both knock at &/or chip away at this boundary. Psychedelics can blow it wide open, allowing consciousness to traverse far past it. But as this crack allows you to go out, it also can allow things to come in. This is the basis of psychic phenomena. People are eager to shatter this line, but experience & wisdom teaches us to love this line, & to develop a pure sensitive subtle state which allows us to sense the vibrations around this line safely. What you term as an awakening, objectively, could be judged as a breakdown.

So if we pad this premise out a bit and go along the timeline to now, what we are witnessing seems to be along the same lines of disassociation. 

Acting 'weird' as you term it would be perceived to me as acting uncontrollably.

I'd say it's a health issue that you've confused with a few different things. Sure you've probably unlocked some different perceptions, but has it been advantageous to you? Doesn't sound like you are either in control or able to interpret the energy in a healthy way.

Am I totally wrong, before your ego downvotes the f out of me? It took me a long time to get comfortable in public. Out of my 7 year journey into spirituality, only in this last year have I finally fortified myself enough to not be moved by other people's energy. 

Most of that came from yeah, healing myself and teaching myself the power of my belief, and how my negative beliefs were manifesting themselves and working against me. Once I figured that out, and started putting positive beliefs in place... Well, I basically feel invincible now. Nobody can stop me, and I'm the master of my reality. 

It's good you feel full of love tho, idk if you believe in God but they love that. If you're open to psychedelics, I 100% recommend using them to find God, or your higher power/guide etc. Last Christmas I was reunited with God during a trip and it really sunk in the truth around me. It also opened my connection and I can hear them much better now, even sober.

Set your intention ahead of time, like a week. Say okay, on this day and this time I will do this psychedelic (I've only tried LSD and shrooms) and make contact with God. Keep that intention in place and think about what you wanna ask, know, experience etc. God appreciates wanting to make contact, so I guarantee you will encounter SOMETHING good if you set that intention. They'll spill all the tea for you, or at least the tea you need in that moment. Just be open to the answers. I am weird in public.  I choose to not care what others think.  So I randomly ask a person.. hey do you know a tall blond with blue eyes.. oh she passed.  Well what is her name.  Oh Janet. Ok well Janet says she is watching over you and that the bills will get paid and stop stressing.  

*Leaves behind a confused, teary eyed cashier and a line of confused people behind me.*

I often see spirits when out in public and have to be polite and cheery while trying to not appear to weird because i have freaked people out by causing a spirit to become visible to family members and others.  It causes alot of interesting conversations.

Plus im a human lie detector. I can tell when salesmen and others are lying to me. same, i totally feel and understand this. waking up is so isolating. Obsidian for protection, my dear. I agree totally with u/fromtheredwoods, I do not use drugs of any kind. I hate them as they "do stuff" to my physical body.  migraine and stuff. I do not use them.  and in your case and position, I would not recommend them either.

In my experience, have you seen dragon ball?  I do that,  I project fire from my manipura chakra (the one in the plexus) and it surrounds me, protecting me and burning everything that comes to me that should not arrive.

Keep meditating, work on your belief system, and you will get there. for sure.  We are all here for you, u/Ok_Argument1174 You can try LSD to heal any past traumas. Worked wonders for me! What do you mean by being "weird" in public? They tell you you’ve got a curse/been hexed/bad juju/negative energy they just so happen to be able to fix…. For a fee of course. 

They contact you out of the blue because ‘they feel drawn to you’. No really, they aren’t and you really aren’t their ‘beloved’ either..,, 

They want your DOB, full name, mothers maiden name, SS or NI number, 3 photographs and inside leg measurements. Asking for ONE of those should suffice for them to anchor to. DOB may result in an astrological or numerology reading, which is okay if that’s what you want, but not really a ‘psychic’ reading. Asking for all that information should be a major red flag. Don’t give any information you aren’t comfortable with, a good reader will understand. And no, don’t ever give you SS, NI or mothers maiden name out. Keep your wits about you. 

Your ‘reading’ costs more than a months rent 

They want to charge you for a cleansing 

They give you an egg/spirit jar/energy water/white cloth/insert any other prop to bring back in a months time so they can ‘review’ whether you need further services. (The original set up is usually free, it’s when you return they use this prop to claim you’re under spiritual attack, demonic presence/bad energies etc)

They try to upsell you crystals/spells/candles. If you really want to buy X after a reading, source the thing yourself. Plenty of people get conned spending way too much money for what are in all honesty pretty painted rocks that should cost pennies

They insist you need more readings or ‘services’ more than once every 6/8 months 

They tell you they can guarantee your future or claim to be 100% accurate 100% of the times. Especially about future predictions

They say they will draw your soul mate

They claim to be able to remove any blockages that is keeping your soulmate away/money away/stopping you being happy

They post offers on the spiritual Reddit subs asking you to ‘comment ME’ below

They want a ‘donation’ before they’re even done a reading for you

They approach you first rather than you contact them (this applies in person as well as online) 

They ask too many questions (asking if you have a sibling then telling you about your relationship with your younger sister is good, asking if you have a sister, then asking if you get on, then asking how you feel about her before declaring ‘you don’t really get on with your sister do you? Not so good. Some questions should be asked for clarity and to ensure your reader is on the right track)

They ‘read’ things that is openly & readily available information online (if you comment asking about a particular cars details on a car sub here, it’s not rocket science to conclude you may be thinking about purchasing that same car!) 

The reading sounds vague enough that you could read it to a few friend and they’d relate exactly to it too. 

Nothing makes sense on the reading, you can’t relate to anything they say and they still insist they’re right and you’re wrong. 

I’ll add more when I think of them! The only thing I would say do is steer clear of spiritualists who have thousands of followers on Twitter (or other mindless apps) who charge hundreds of dollars for things as simple as divination sessions. A LOT of people get turned away from mystical acts simply because of these individuals whose whole existence is fueled by their spirituality hot-takes on an app. 
I offer readings for free. Of course donations are accepted, but I'd never charge someone for asking the divine/universe questions about their life. Especially when in today's society most people don't have any real connection with the unseen. 

If you want to guage someone's legitimacy, ask them where they get their teachings, how they initiated themselves in the belief system, or how they noticed they had psychic abilities. Trust your intuition. More often than not you will be able to sense bs. I mean. The spirits guiding youand/or universe is  always around. I doubt they would lie to a sincere individual looking for assistance. 

✨️ Big money up front usually means  big BS . if they say they can take away your negative energy or if they charge a lot of money theyre scammers One told me that I was born with a dark cloud hovering above me. I believe that though, as hard as it was to hear. Read into the art of mentalist or mentalism. Knowing the tricks of the trade can help distinguish authenticity from performers. I just know. I thought this said “Physics.” I would watch out for those who are all about $$$.  If they cannot do anything without you showing some money or want to take advantage of the situation with rising rates or ambiguous rates, then they are scamming you.  I went on a haunted walking tour with a very well-known medium who used to be on television.  He said he would not be doing any readings that night and then went on and on about how psychic he is and all the wonderful things he can do.  At no point in the night, did he add to the walking tour except for bragging about his "gifts."  I started thinking to myself, that if this person did have a gift, he would want to make believers out of everyone and we would then happily pay a fee for a reading.  But he refused and just kept talking about how gifted he was and how many spirits he communicated with.  He then told people they could contact him for a $300/hour reading since he was so gifted.  Trust your instincts and if it sounds like a scam, it usually is. In my experience,if they ask questions at all. The good psychics I've been to have never played 20 questions with me lol. They won't consciously (or unconsciously - tho being involuntarily psychic isn't uncommon) react to the movements of your inner world. 

The big secret is that we can all do this.

A fake psychic can be a real psychic, they're just too busy in their head playing the role of one, rather than facing the realities of others, and therefore picking up on their deeper thoughts and energies. It’s pretty easy to tell when ur face to face with them, but lets be honest too anyone who messages you for a read or says they can read you from anywhere, they’re probably full of it you won’t question if they are fake or not, it will be obvious to you. validation is part of their job. By asking them exactly what they feel when they have a premonition, how it translates from spirit to themselves, and how they decipher the message intended. They call it a gift, I sometimes wonder about that. References Period. They are all fake All of them are fake I was scammed by a woman who has a YouTube channel and does readings. She asked a ton of questions and actually just confirmed everything I said. (This was before I figured out my psychic abilities.) I started developing my abilities and unknowingly attracted a demon. I contacted the woman in a panic pleading for her help and she completely ignored me. It was a rude awakening. My Guardian Angel later confirmed to me the woman was a scam artist. I felt so stupid. yes….they charge money No, people have to develop their own judgement and process of discernment. Nevermind the psychic space, so much of human culture is fake and that fakeness is promoted or even originally laid down by the very systems we trust to induct us into human culture e.g., the education system, scientific communities and authorities of all kinds

By now, what is actually fake is so widely believed that good natured people defend their fake beliefs and cling to them as though their lives would only have meaning if what they have learned is true.

So now, from such a mess how can psychics be monitored for quality? Take doctors, we have to be registered on a board or council and this gives people confidence that their doctors know what they are talking about. Together with their dedication to learning and passing exams it also gives the doctor confidence that they know what they are talking about and practicing. However, all of that is fake from another more advanced perspective on health and so in the bigger picture the regulations and monitoring of that profession is meaningless. If you can't meaningfully regulate the healthcare profession, then what chance is there with psychics? Muscle testing. Read dr hawkins power v force 1. Inauthentic by intuition/ it feels wrong/ like a performance. Claim to be ‘woke’ and use a lot of buzz words; tribe lol. 
2. Claim to be or channel influential people / idols/ Jesus (101 for fraud, the amount of people who apparently can all do this at the same time in interesting maybe Jesus had BPD 😂).
3. Unable to share anything concrete and non-generic about your past. Never trust anyone to provide you insight into your present or potential paths who cannot effectively share about your past. 
4. Play hot and cold with you.
5. Money minded/ offers seem like MLM. They want you to buy bundles of services and offer very little 1:1 live service. I do not do pre-recorded personalised services, this is only adequate for information/ learning.
6. Self absorbed and boast about material things, having a following in itself is not an issue, but how we refer to people who associate with us is telling. 
7. They often spiritual bypass a lot, never address it and share about how their services can rid you of developmental trauma for example. Nope. Get a talk therapist. 
8. They emphasise tools over practice. Don’t get me wrong, we all love a good crystal, but that is not the practice and often appropriates other cultures and practices. They often sell a whole load of aesthetically amazing gear too. I don’t need any cups, feather pens or crystals from a psychic though. 
9. They just came out of nowhere from the corporate world. Often spiritual people are humble and they don’t care about money so they are less inclined to find themselves in these environments for long periods of time before exercising their gifts. Sounds like a nest egg, retirement plan with free holiday retreats to me. 🤣🤣 
10. They spend a lot of time evaluating or bashing others instead of on the work.
11. None of their prior psychic work is robust and they have poor reviews. Or claim to have 100% success rate. I don’t even have 100% success rate controlling how much salt I put in my food. Usually if they're trying too hard lol or if they keep nagging you to pay because "the spirits have an urgent message for you". Channeling? OK everybody saying it's "possession" is incorrect. Calm down. You'll be fine. People jump to extreme negatives so quickly.

I totally share this gift with you. I have these same things happen when I do a reading. My voice changes, my mannerisms, everything. Just because you experience this DOES NOT mean you have gotten possessed.

It does mean that you most likely are a trance medium, have some telepathic ability, and some deeply empathic ability. I myself have these abilities. I have done channeling and some physical mediumship as well and I am not possessed. People freak out at what they don't understand.

I really think this is mostly linked to telepathic abilities. Telepathy as most commonly experienced doesn't mean reading peoples' minds--but you are able to read their intentions and their "vibe" very easily.

So questions for you--

Do you seem to "know" people when you first meet them? I mean you just meet them, yet you have a very good idea of what their personality is like? Whether they are trustworthy or not, dangerous, or kind, or high energy/low energy, etc.?

Have you ever answered someone's question before they asked it? Most probably someone close to you?

Have you ever gotten a vibe right away that someone is dangerous and you noped out for no reason right away?

When you do readings for people, do you get the feelings of how they passed? Feel pain in the lungs and find out they had breathing issues? Had pain in the head and found it was an aneurism?

All this is signs of telepathy. It overlaps with the other clairs--but it's like you have more of a direct tie to the qualia (or the direct subjective experience) of another person. You tune into others minds very easily. You may not read their exact thoughts, but you're pretty darn sure of what they are thinking.

Your mind is like a radio tuner that just really easily glommed onto the frequency of the spirit you were talking to. The spirit got excited that you tuned in so well and they went in strong. It doesn't mean you actually let them take over your body. It's more like they are standing right behind you very close, metaphorically speaking, and you're temporarily sharing an aura.

If it gets uncomfortable tell them to back off. Tell them you've cut contact and it's time to leave. Shake it off (literally). Move your body, dance around. Take a walk. Do something YOU specifically like to do and reclaim your space. Imagine white loving light purifying your energy body and aura and know that you occupy your own space and mind and nobody else.

It can be scary, and weird because not a lot of people have this experience/ability. Because it's not that common people freak out and jump to negative conclusions and throw around words like possession, oppression, etc. It's nonsense.

State your intentions to communicate and communicate only before you begin. Make it clear you only communicate with spirit that is aligned with love and light and kindness and compassion only. Protect yourself, then clearly tell them you're done, then cleanse your energy. Channeling…or trance mediumship Channelling (mediumship), or empathic absorption. 

Given that you felt tired after, probably channelling. I advise looking into energy cultivation methods, like qigong. The oracles of Tibet that channel the spirit kings have a shortened lifespan doing this kind of work. It could be many different things. However, control is priority when expanding consciousness and things of the like. It would be wise to have protection of some sort and have firm boundaries. If energy/entities come in and out of you like a convenience store then that’s definitely not good. Although performing Work can sometimes leave a person drained but something like that is most likely something else using your energy. A prudent/cautious way of doing divination or any kind of Work would be to cleanse, protect, connect, Work, cleanse again, and ground. Ask them to step back It's called posession. If you don't choose to do it and control it, it's not good. It is a sign of lack of control of your own astral body and weak psychic defences. The danger is that the spirits may not leave or can infect you with negative energy making you ill or drain your energy causing low emotion, heart palpitations, dizziness, exhaustion or nausea. lMongolian and voodoo shaman are trained to control this. The general rule is don't let other beings into your energy field unless you invite them and control it. Psychic realities offer many amazing experiences, but being amazing is no guarrantee they are safe. The ability is called trance mediumship. It's found in the crown chakra. Trance mediumship is the ability to allow another being to come into your body and take over for awhile. This is different from what are called mediums, which are psychics that can talk to spirit guides and relay messages. It's sometimes called channeling, but that can mean different things, from channeling energy or information all the way to bringing in a being into your body.

Well done on recognizing that a different soul personality has entered your body. Great first step.

If you wish to read people and not bring in beings, you need to be grounded. Here's why:

You already know what it feels like to be high on an energy level. That's the vibration that spirit guides will match and come into your body. Grounding it the opposite in one sense, but more complex than higher or lower vibration conveys.

Try this. Sit in a chair. Close your eyes. Take a deep breath. Feet flat on the floor. Hands separated and resting palms up on each thigh.

Create a grounding cord. This is a line of energy that connects your first chakra to the center of the planet. Your first chakra is a ball of energy about the size of a quarter that sits just in front of the base of your spine. Your grounding cord attaches to the bottom of that ball of energy.

Grounding makes your body feel safe, so you release energy more easily. Gravity pulls whatever you release, even your own energy, down to the center of the planet. No effort on your part. The center of the planet neutralizes the energy and returns it to whoever owns it. No karma for anyone. A virtuous cycle.

Nearly everyone goes to connect to the center of the planet the first time but stops at the soil, often making roots like a tree. This is a method that is taught in some martial arts styles, but it is not the best option for your spiritual development and healing.

So, notice the seat of your chair. Take a deep breath. Notice the distance between the seat and the floor. Now notice the distance between the floor and the soil below. Breathe.

Now notice the distance between the soil and the water table underneath. Notice the distance between the water table and the rocky mantle. Notice the distance between the mantle and the molten core below that. Deep breath.

Notice the distance between the molten core and the center of the planet. That ball of light at the very center of the planet is where you connect your grounding cord. Deep breath.

Say hello to the center of the planet. Do you get a hello back?

Notice the color and texture of your grounding cord. It may look like a line of energy, or look like something physical; a rope, a wire, a pipe, a tree trunk. Adjust it as needed to be in affinity with your body.

Getting this far means you've already released some energy from your aura and body. Now it is time to fill in the space that was created.

Create a gold sun over your head. Have it call back all of your energy from wherever you left it throughout your day and week. Work. School. Online meetings. Video games. Your fantasies about your future. Your regrets about your past. Wherever you've placed your attention. Just watch the energy come back and see if you notice where it came from.

Have the sun burn up and neutralize your energy. Then bring the sun into the top of your head. It will automatically flow into the spaces you created. Create a gauge to measure when you're full. Like a fuel gauge or oil gauge. You'll run better if you aren't a few quarts low on spiritual oil. If the gauge doesn't read "Full", bring in another gold sun.

Open your eyes, bend over and touch the floor, draining any tension from the back of your neck, then stand up, and stretch.

There is a progression with this technique. After grounding for ten minutes a day for a week or two, notice your grounding cord at the very end, while you're standing with your eyes open. Continue to ground with your eyes open and standing, and bring in another gold sun. Each day, increase the amount of time that you ground standing up with your eyes open.

After a week or two practicing this, add walking while grounded. Just notice your grounding cord as you walk. Say hello to the center of the planet while you walk. Bring in a gold sun while you walk.  If you lose your grounding cord, stop walking and recover it. If you have to, sit back down and close your eyes and create a new grounding cord.

After this, you're ready to take your grounding cord with you into your daily life. Shopping. Getting coffee. Wherever you go, you can ground. This, combined with a little amusement about seeing new things on an energy level, will keep you safe and sound.

Now that you're here, at the end of your grounding meditations, create a gold sun over your head. This time, fill it with your highest creative essence, your present time growth vibration, and your affinity for yourself. The first energy is a healing for you. The second is a healing for your body. The third is a healing for your affinity in your fourth chakra.

Bend over and touch the floor. Stand up and stretch. If you're ready for more, sit back down and ground some more. Otherwise, have a nice day!

Note that every image you imagine, the gold sun, the grounding cord, the center of the planet, your first chakra, your body parts, is exercising your clairvoyance. You may be imagining what your tailbone looks like, but you're also creating the image of your tailbone and reading its energy. This is practicing your clairvoyant ability.

If you ground this way to the center of the planet before you do readings, and notice your grounding at different times during your readings, you'll have a much easier time doing the readings and you won't feel drained when you're done. U are being possessed by the guides, not channeling as per others comments. At least it wasn't bad entities. Take control of yourself by learning how to be a better person first before starting on this kind of journey. Shadow work is really important so work on that before starting anything else. Mental illness Possession 101. Lecture and levitation to follow. There will be a test. Offering 1 FREE Yes/No question per person. In order to allow for everyone to be able to get their 1 question Yes/No, I will not be answering follow-ups. I will be prioritising those who haven’t gotten their 1 question before over those who have been read by me! 

Just a friendly reminder to structure your question in a yes/no format. I look forward to reading for you! :)

Edit: I would prefer to refrain from answering questions on health, legal issues, death and pregnancy. Offering a few free readings for what you need to know/hear right now. 
Or I could answer a question you have **If post is up, I am still open to questions!** ✨

I’m an Claircogziant and Clairaudient Medium offering one free yes or no question per person **via chat.** Please send your name(s) and question in the chat! 

*Please follow up with a healthcare 
professional on all health related questions*

*Readings are based on current energies*

*I will not answer any questions related to death, or law related questions or give legal advice*

*I have the right to refuse to answer questions that do not follow these guidelines.* [deleted] Offering free channeled msgs for a select few... comment if interested!!! [removed] Sleep paralysis can be scary,  but it's nothing to worry about or to be taken as an omen. It's more of the beginning stages of astral projection.  I get it often and usually entities are around when you open your second body eyes. Ghosts are literally everywhere and it's way easier to see them in an OBE state.

Sometimes your mind will create things to scare you to stay in your body too. 

Don't worry 😉 there’s nothing wrong with what happened and it’s especially common when napping and overly tired. if it’s scary for your boyfriend to not be able to come out of it, know this- breathe heavy and then hold your breath, alternating between the two quickly. it will connect your brain back to your body and you wake up within a few seconds. anyway, hopefully he can get to the point where he enjoys it. many people practice sleep paralysis for astral projection :) He had a hypnagogic hallucination.  It's pretty common with sleep paralysis. People are mentioning beginning of astral projection of out of body experience. They may be right. Also, the seeing the future or past could also be true.

**But the main purpose of SP** (sleep paralysis) is to make us not able to move when we start to dream. Our body does this automatically every time we go into REM stage and start to dream, and it also automatically releases the SP paralysis the moment we stop dreaming or wake up.

Sometimes we can actually notice being in SP when our body fails to notice that we are already awake and it thinks we are still asleep.

People who are activelly trying to AP or OBE or Lucid dream via WILD method are most likely to become aware of this natural phenomena.

It can be scary, because we think we are awake but we can't move, so our minds make up stories to explain this. And that can be scary. At that time we can also have hallucinations which can look like we see our real room or real people around us. Or we see or hear things that are not really there.

*But no, by no means this is anything bad. No omens, no warnings, nothing dangerous is going to happen to you guys.*

You can astually try this out yourself if you feel like it. Lay down and don't move. Just like if yoy were trying to go to sleep. Pretty soon your mind will think your body is asleep because you didn't move in a long time and it will start shutting down the brain as well. But if you consiouslly try to keep your mind awake just by thinking some mantra (prayer) for example : "I want to see SP", you will start experiencing all kinds of strange sensations or visuals, which are normal and they happen every single time we are falling asleep. You will be able to notice them this time, because you are keeping your mind awake on purpose. He had the beginnings of an out-of-body experience. Not a big deal. Sorry that you feel upset about it. The other reality where people go has non-linear time, that's why he saw you. Sleep paralysis is a medical issue. He had a hypnogogic hallucination which is very common with sleep paralysis. This happens because your brain gets confused about whether it’s asleep or awake. It was likely caused by poor sleep due to the travel or possibly stress. When I get sleep paralysis I try to breathe and relax, which usually makes it pass a little more quickly as my body starts to relax. It's nothing scary. 

Try r/astralprojection If you don't wanna see any spirits I recommend not opening your third eye! I used to get like a high walking into a bar from feeling the fun and sexual energy. It could almost be a little addictive for me. But I could also tell well the energy went from intoxicating to sloppy. In that case I’d just leave and go someplace quieter. Or if the energy was off someplace just turn around and try someplace else. Or gravitate to someone whose vibe you are drawn to. first, ground your energy. learn grounding exercises and practice them throughout the day to continuously cleanse your energy. second, clear your aura and keep it clear/protected. it takes practice but you can feel other’s auras without absorbing their energy into your aura. Feeling energy comes from your clairsentience ability in your second chakra. Most folks use this as a form of protection; it helps them feel for threats.  Closing down your second chakra will dial down the intensity of your response to the energy. You'll feel more comfortable.

To close down your second chakra when walking into a club, you need to give your body something else to make it feel safe. That something else can be many things, but the one I share is a specific style of grounding.

Try this. Sit in a chair. Close your eyes. Take a deep breath. Feet flat on the floor. Hands separated and resting palms up on each thigh.

Create a grounding cord. This is a line of energy that connects your first chakra to the center of the planet. Your first chakra is a ball of energy about the size of a quarter that sits just in front of the base of your spine. Your grounding cord attaches to the bottom of that ball of energy.

Grounding makes your body feel safe, so you release energy more easily. Gravity pulls whatever you release, even your own energy, down to the center of the planet. No effort on your part. The center of the planet neutralizes the energy and returns it to whoever owns it. No karma for anyone. A virtuous cycle.

Nearly everyone goes to connect to the center of the planet the first time but stops at the soil, often making roots like a tree. This is a method that is taught in some martial arts styles, but it is not the best option for your spiritual development and healing.

So, notice the seat of your chair. Take a deep breath. Notice the distance between the seat and the floor. Now notice the distance between the floor and the soil below. Breathe.

Now notice the distance between the soil and the water table underneath. Notice the distance between the water table and the rocky mantle. Notice the distance between the mantle and the molten core below that. Deep breath.

Notice the distance between the molten core and the center of the planet. That ball of light at the very center of the planet is where you connect your grounding cord. Deep breath.

Say hello to the center of the planet. Do you get a hello back?

Notice the color and texture of your grounding cord. It may look like a line of energy, or look like something physical; a rope, a wire, a pipe, a tree trunk. Adjust it as needed to be in affinity with your body.

Getting this far means you've already released some energy from your aura and body. Now it is time to fill in the space that was created.

Create a gold sun over your head. Have it call back all of your energy from wherever you left it throughout your day and week. Work. School. Online meetings. Video games. Your fantasies about your future. Your regrets about your past. Wherever you've placed your attention. Just watch the energy come back and see if you notice where it came from.

Have the sun burn up and neutralize your energy. Then bring the sun into the top of your head. It will automatically flow into the spaces you created. Create a gauge to measure when you're full. Like a fuel gauge or oil gauge. You'll run better if you aren't a few quarts low on spiritual oil. If the gauge doesn't read "Full", bring in another gold sun.

Open your eyes, bend over and touch the floor, draining any tension from the back of your neck, then stand up, and stretch.

There is a progression with this technique. After grounding for ten minutes a day for a week or two, notice your grounding cord at the very end, while you're standing with your eyes open. Continue to ground with your eyes open and standing, and bring in another gold sun. Each day, increase the amount of time that you ground standing up with your eyes open.

After a week or two practicing this, add walking while grounded. Just notice your grounding cord as you walk. Say hello to the center of the planet while you walk. Bring in a gold sun while you walk.  If you lose your grounding cord, stop walking and recover it. If you have to, sit back down and close your eyes and create a new grounding cord.

After this, you're ready to take your grounding cord with you into your daily life. Shopping. Getting coffee. Wherever you go, you can ground. This, combined with a little amusement about seeing new things on an energy level, will keep you safe and sound.

Now that you're here, at the end of your grounding meditations, create a gold sun over your head. This time, fill it with your highest creative essence, your present time growth vibration, and your affinity for yourself. The first energy is a healing for you. The second is a healing for your body. The third is a healing for your affinity in your fourth chakra.

Bend over and touch the floor. Stand up and stretch. If you're ready for more, sit back down and ground some more. Otherwise, have a nice day!

Note that every image you imagine, the gold sun, the grounding cord, the center of the planet, your first chakra, your body parts, is exercising your clairvoyance. You may be imagining what your tailbone looks like, but you're also creating the image of your tailbone and reading its energy. This is practicing your clairvoyant ability. Maybe you need some new friends or only hang out with the ones with good vibes. Try this. Sit in a chair. Close your eyes. Take a deep breath. Feet flat on the floor. Hands separated and resting palms up on each thigh.

Create a grounding cord. This is a line of energy that connects your first chakra to the center of the planet. Your first chakra is a ball of energy about the size of a quarter that sits just in front of the base of your spine. Your grounding cord attaches to the bottom of that ball of energy.

Grounding makes your body feel safe, so you release energy more easily. Gravity pulls whatever you release, even your own energy, down to the center of the planet. No effort on your part. The center of the planet neutralizes the energy and returns it to whoever owns it. No karma for anyone. A virtuous cycle.

Nearly everyone goes to connect to the center of the planet the first time but stops at the soil, often making roots like a tree. This is a method that is taught in some martial arts styles, but it is not the best option for your spiritual development and healing.

So, notice the seat of your chair. Take a deep breath. Notice the distance between the seat and the floor. Now notice the distance between the floor and the soil below. Breathe.

Now notice the distance between the soil and the water table underneath. Notice the distance between the water table and the rocky mantle. Notice the distance between the mantle and the molten core below that. Deep breath.

Notice the distance between the molten core and the center of the planet. That ball of light at the very center of the planet is where you connect your grounding cord. Deep breath.

Say hello to the center of the planet. Do you get a hello back?

Notice the color and texture of your grounding cord. It may look like a line of energy, or look like something physical; a rope, a wire, a pipe, a tree trunk. Adjust it as needed to be in affinity with your body.

Getting this far means you've already released some energy from your aura and body. Now it is time to fill in the space that was created.

Create a gold sun over your head. Have it call back all of your energy from wherever you left it throughout your day and week. Work. School. Online meetings. Video games. Your fantasies about your future. Your regrets about your past. Wherever you've placed your attention. Just watch the energy come back and see if you notice where it came from.

Have the sun burn up and neutralize your energy. Then bring the sun into the top of your head. It will automatically flow into the spaces you created. Create a gauge to measure when you're full. Like a fuel gauge or oil gauge. You'll run better if you aren't a few quarts low on spiritual oil. If the gauge doesn't read "Full", bring in another gold sun.

Open your eyes, bend over and touch the floor, draining any tension from the back of your neck, then stand up, and stretch.

There is a progression with this technique. After grounding for ten minutes a day for a week or two, notice your grounding cord at the very end, while you're standing with your eyes open. Continue to ground with your eyes open and standing, and bring in another gold sun. Each day, increase the amount of time that you ground standing up with your eyes open.

After a week or two practicing this, add walking while grounded. Just notice your grounding cord as you walk. Say hello to the center of the planet while you walk. Bring in a gold sun while you walk.  If you lose your grounding cord, stop walking and recover it. If you have to, sit back down and close your eyes and create a new grounding cord.

After this, you're ready to take your grounding cord with you into your daily life. Shopping. Getting coffee. Wherever you go, you can ground. This, combined with a little amusement about seeing new things on an energy level, will keep you safe and sound.

Now that you're here, at the end of your grounding meditations, create a gold sun over your head. This time, fill it with your highest creative essence, your present time growth vibration, and your affinity for yourself. The first energy is a healing for you. The second is a healing for your body. The third is a healing for your affinity in your fourth chakra.

Bend over and touch the floor. Stand up and stretch. If you're ready for more, sit back down and ground some more. Otherwise, have a nice day!

Note that every image you imagine, the gold sun, the grounding cord, the center of the planet, your first chakra, your body parts, is exercising your clairvoyance. You may be imagining what your tailbone looks like, but you're also creating the image of your tailbone and reading its energy. This is practicing your clairvoyant ability. It could be a multitude of different things but in my opinion from the description of the feeling you had it seems your consciousness had traveled somewhere. The dangerous feeling you had may have been just that but it also could’ve been your ego trying to keep you stabilized in this plane and bring you back. That’s just my two cents the first part when you said you visualize the outside and the living room you could be seeing the present what’s happening right know you might have the ability to someone’s else’s past life Only time will tell if your psychic is accurate.

My advice is to live your life without giving too much weight to predictions like this. The time of marriage and number of children is up to the querent and can be changed bc the universe gives us free will. Hmm, I don't know. I honestly wouldn't put much stock in it. Maybe it will happen, maybe it won't, just don't hold any expectations of it happening so you don't end up disappointed when it doesn't. Very interesting. I definitely think our energy affects our abilities and strength. I can't do anything fancy with fire but I can control the candle flames..making them still, flicker or bend to the direction of my hand. I can make my matches burn out almost immediately after I use them.. they usually burn a third of the stick then go out suddenly or very slowly diminish. When I'm tired I can't do it I'm too weak.  I definitely think your anger could of fueled something. Never seen it done but I've witnessed people who's toxic energy created poltergeist activity and I guess that's kind of the same concept with energy manipulation. Yes it does. Manipulating elements fall under the realm of more advanced psychic ability. Very interesting experience you shared. Maybe you have a latent ability for pyrokinesis and through proper work you could probably learn to channel it. There was a chi master who could  create fire at will...there was a YouTube video also. If you're still finding the real you I guess you have a long way to go first is knowing what you're and can do and it left for us to want to leave a different life all together call it disguise or whatever I got mine so haha 😆 I have never witnessed this myself, but I don’t disbelieve it. Each of the element has _siddhi_, which includes manipulation of Fire. Further, there is a developmental path for it — I have heard some neigong schools develop enough personal energy to pull something like this off, without relying on emotional outbursts. I could do telekinesis, its definitely possible to manipulate anything. You just have to meditate and practice it. You felt remorse and in other ways I can empathize with how you felt, so kudos. I’ve always wanted to trigger/try combustion/pyrokenisis, but it hasn’t happened to me…yet…probably for the best. Have tried connecting with fire, but haven’t been as successful as you. I may have accidentally burned my apartment down. I was in a really bad mental space for a while. I was living in a studio apt, dealing with the emotional fallout of a bad breakup, and my friends had moved away so I was spending way too much time alone. Anyway, I went home to my parents house for my birthday weekend. After getting on the train, I suddenly started worrying I had left my space heater on, which would be a fire hazard. When I got home, I told my parents how miserable I felt in my apartment. I remember a moment being in my room and thinking I’d just find a way out of the lease and move back to my parents. I ended up getting a text from the landlord later that day that there was a fire that started in the buildings heater (not my space heater) and my apartment was ruined, lease ended. 

Not as dramatic as something bursting into flame in front of your eyes but still curious. Well what you think is a barrier your abilities might just turn out to be the reason why you get almost best at it, you're experiencing this cause you're yet to fully comprehend what you capable of. With proper guidance and spiritual actions, I'm confident you're getting past this Have you been seeing lights or being very sensitive lately it's a sign to open your third eyes if you're more of a spiritual being than you thought you were I take medication for my OCD, it helps, but there are breakthrough moments sometimes unfortunately. Usually I can tell it's my OCD when the thought is really negative. So how does that knowledge help you in this life? 

Does it inspire you? is it highlighting some fear you have about embracing your own skills? something else? 

Past lives highlight where we are working on "karma" from that life or parallel to it (in that life we were working on the same issues) ... find that and you'll have your clarity. Come to peace with your past and let light and love follow you Reincarnation is a definite possibility, but it's advisable to learn why you're a Reincarnation nothing happens without reason. Nature's first law Hey! Long time practitioner here with an ecclectic background mostly in Alchemy. 

These traditions of other people gifting things are specific to different types of practice and cultures. There is nothing wrong with buying yourself any of the spiritual items you need or want in order to grow, and the way you acquire your items can be specific to your beliefs. 

Furthermore, what you think and believe will become the truth. If you feel like it's bringing you negativity, then it will. If you truly believe it is protective, then it is. Your belief and your intention with the item is far more powerful than any natural power that item has in and of itself. 

IF you are so bothered by this situation, you can amend it pretty easily by gifting these items to someone else and partnering up with a mentor or other practitioner who can gift you what you seek. No matter what, your beliefs about these things are what will become reality. 

Spirituality is what you make it, and your practice is uniquely your own. You can make your own rules in accordance with your reality. 

These are just my opinions, and others may have better insight that's more aligned with your practice. I hope this helped you a little, and you find the answers you're looking for! I can’t speak to the evil eye items (I’ve never heard you shouldn’t buy your own btw) but certainly I think the idea of not being able to buy your own tarot cards is outdated superstition at best, and gate keeping at worst. 

You want to learn tarot to educate and empower yourself… but you have to wait for someone else to buy you a deck? Nah, you want it, you buy it! Empower yourself! There are so many styles and types of decks, only you know what calls and suits you so why put that power in someone else’s hands if the aim to empower yourself? You want it, you go get it! 

I’ve bought myself both tarot decks and evil eye bracelets, no issues whatsoever. Try and take away all the bad energies and replace the with only good ones let love and light lead you I can help you so you get stuffs that can help you chase away this evil eyes you don't need much dm It's not bad luck , we Arabs and Turks believe that they're Haram(prohibited in Islam)  bc they're considered amulets in our religion but if you're not Muslim you can wear them , we believe turquoise stone and Nazar amulets  ward off the evil eye due to their blue colour :) I have this happen.  I can generally judge when someone is going to die that I don't know, and I've had..idk, sort of premonitions.   I think alot of times, when it is someone you know, it's kind of a way to say goodbye.  My nephew had very clear dreams of his mother b4 she was found.  Last great aunt that died ( I thought she was gone..98!)...I had a dream of a family reunion, where I was asking my dead granny...what are you doing here?  You are dead!  She told me family is coming, she's making potato salad.  Lol...what do you say to that!?
Anyway, I just leave those thoughts to myself.  Most the time, ppl are better not knowing. IMHO. I've known my friends and family are terminal, and if there's treatment possibility. It's more common than people talk about. Think of this... They use animals to detect illness, right? Aren't we all evolved animals? We often let self doubt and life bury our gifts Yes! That’s the basis of mediumship Absolutely! And they have somehow bonded to you for reasons only they know… could be a long passed relative that youd never met, could be you remind them of someone from their lifetime… I feel like sometimes spirits gravitate towards certain living people not because of their gifts but because it gives them purpose. An example would be a motherly-type spirit that seems to calm or console your infant when they cry…. Or a protective type spirit that makes a noise when you aren’t paying attention to something that could harm you. Very possible and very common :) 
You are not crazy!
I’ve had many visits of the sort from all types of passed on people. How do they look like? It's real even some of us know this hard fact as real humans but we try to run away from the truth especially if it's not happening to you then it's not an issue Of course they can, I asked if I was on the right track and I’ve heard two knocks(to keep it vague). Don’t forget, communication doesn’t just have to be words its very interesting, I think fever puts us into meditative state of mind. I also start seeing behind the vail when im feverish. when I was 4, I had a massive fever, had a crazy sleeping night. when i woke up i ran to my grandma (I dont remember this) I jumped at her and hysterically started telling her i remember i am not from this family, i remember my real family in Chaldea, told her my name words, sentences, our culture and living situation, historical facts etc, she was clueless what Chaldea was and phoned my grandpa who was at work. he told her to write down every single thing im saying, because chaldea was an ancient civilization and the facts im spewing are on point. 

its fun to hear someone talk about fevers, I always felt they were very "psychedelic". I’ve seen the dead and spirits my whole life, but it really got cranked up when I had a 104 fever at the age of 5. From that point on, it seemed to accelerate abilities I already had. I’ve hear medium John Edward say he always has heightened abilities when he’s under the weather and I still do too, especially when it’s something that puts pressure on my head like a sinus infection or fever with headache. I remember hearing him say that and feeling better about it. I too am able to read peoples minds by feeling their emotions strongly within me. With some people their thoughts enter into my own head as if they are mine. It can be confusing, overwhelming and at times draining. I’ve learned to steer clear of certain people. Interesting. I actually had this last night I think— not for the first time, and it was very mild. But I think I ate something that made me a little sick, and I was running what felt like a low fever and as I was in bed I felt WAY more tuned in than usual… so funny to see this post the next morning! Hallucinations of any kind are an indication that the veil is lifted. If you can understand what you see/hear and it's not just internally driven nonsense like a fever dream or random drug trip, then you're experiencing true ESP. Hi, I’ve experienced similar when I’ve been VERY angry at people and have been able to tap into their minds. On two occasions I “puppeteered” a (minor) accident to happen to certain individuals and it really happened according to my hands’ movements if that makes sense. I feel bad about these things after, so I choose to not keep trying to develop this gift. I am suppressing it and not feeding into my negative emotions and energies. Watch giving in to negative energy. You may think they deserve whatever comes but let's not forget the transgressions you have done to others. Giving into negativity is akin to playing with fire while intoxicated. It will come to engulf you before you know it. Control your thoughts/emotions, by sending out negative energy, or evil/hate filled thoughts you can indeed harm people. 

If you feel like your going to have something bad happen to someone when you consciously dont want to, remove your self and mind from the situation, think of forgiveness, mercy, love.

I "suffer" from the same ability, but mine is controlled, i have to make a conscious effort to get it done or not, depending on how badly the person fucked me over. It sounds like your displeasure may be manifesting. Emotions= energy in motion, as a teal swan video said.

I would look at finding a way to rephrase your feelings so you could still work with them without such overt chaos. When it comes down to it, though, you're going to have to stop being petty, even in the recesses of your own mind. Suppress the petty or dangerous feeling if you can, or let it go completely without holding onto it outside of you at all. It's a frustrating idea, I know, but you are not alone in this among those who pay attention even when reality scares them or does not make full sense. 

Of course, you shouldn't hope to do this for all emotions, even bad and painful ones at all times--for our emotions are our biggest internal compasses--but if something disproportional or dangerous for the moment comes up in impulse, you're going to have to get rid of it as it is in that form. Another way to work through such feelings is to acknowledge that you have the magic to transmute those emotions into productive emotions and manifestations. 

You are a soul having a human experience, and an expression of the divine expressing and coming to know itself through the aspect of it that is you. That is not to say that any is necessarily less important than the rest, but you can reach upwards or downwards for clarity at times like this. Much of what you are truly asking can only truly be concluded and brought closure by you, and by somebody in your shoes who knows you as you do. All evil is ultimately just an indestructible light seeping out through twisted and corruptive confusions--a potential for a new tool or truth's attainment--wether or not any may be able to unknot the messiness at this time. All of us must delve in to some degree, but lose yourself in it and you will functionally become evil through that corruptive confusion and its pain. All power is weakness well-harmonized. I hope that brings you some solace. No action is inherently good or bad, but is in perspective of the details of its context.

Honestly seek the truth of yourself and the truth around you, and remedy those feelings for what they should be; for what you should best have them be, at any time. Do not turn your eyes away when it is your responsibility to do all you can. And as per a quote from Ascendance of a Bookworm from a terrifyingly cutthroat but extremely wise noble that says this well; 

>*Had you failed to do something that was within your capabilities, then that would absolutely be worth reflecting on. But there’s no use bemoaning something that you knew you couldn’t do from the very beginning, since no amount of thinking will change that fact.*

To my understanding, you have just strengthened a direct connection source enough for this to happen. I'm sure it must be scary for it to come with no instructions and insufficient gateways to make sure you had the right foundations to responsibly control all of this... but I believe, at least, our wishes and strong emotions about that will one day power enough of a force to bend the current soft-laws of existence enough to save future generations that struggle.

Till then, may the weird ones find sanity and light in one another. 


*This is my best understanding, of course. Another thing I have heard of is that we all slightly live in our own slightly different universes, which collide and can even contradict, hence anything could be invalidated for you and still be true for me. Of course, there's also the much simpler doubt that I could be wrong or just fail to see this mutual situation accurately. ...I think I'm gonna need you to run for congress... If you wish to control this, but aren't up to putting in the work to become a better person who doesn't seek to harm others out of lower emotions like anger, jealousy or insecurity, then you should contain yourself. Literally. Just as we can call 8n a protective shield around ourselves, we can shield others from our weaker, lower tendencies. I accidentally manifested a negative outcome - some teens sat near to my wife and I when they had the whole park to sit at. I sent a strong 'Go Away' - and two minutes later one of the kids yelled with huge malice at another one and much upset.

I felt really bad - all I meant was for them to move a little way away.

Was not aware that this was possible (I am new).

I am being really careful not to get mad at anyone and have decided that unconditional love is my default projection. Ouuu interesting I once knew a girl (long story short) her stepdad was abusive and one day he locked her in her room and she was crying and she heard someone say “he’s gonna pay for this” she looks up and sees some guy (a ghost) and he says “he’s gonna pay for hurting you” next thing Yk he gets in a car crash and almost dies and loses his house and his gf (her mom) left.

For your situation I’d say your mood affects the things around you AMAZING look into “the double slit experiment” it’s something that deals with quantum physics/ meta physics but good luck with your findings lol My ex husband fell off his roof! People are products of their environments. If there is something bad, there is a reason. Don't hate, help. Give it to me, I would gladly have it. It's not that hard to do it. Maybe find some sort of outlet to get all of the negativity out so that when you do get angry, it won't have much "power" to it and won't hurt the person or situation surrounding it. Sounds like maybe your a PK agent of some kind? Which you project negative energy, even if it's subconscious. That will build and can create a poltergeist (made up of a person's negative energy) and after feeding it so much then it can break away from you and become it's own entity and that could become dangerous because once it separates from you completely then you can't control what it does any longer. If it hasn't gone that far then having healthy outlets will make it die down and become powerless since you'll be able to control it..

Different practices like yoga, Tai chi, different therapies like psychotherapy can help weaken it if you wish to give it a try.. [deleted] No one has the ability to control other people in that way. Your into this subject matter, we see what we want to see. 

The people you feel you influenced in your life, are fuck ups. I’m that case my dear, let me tell you about this fellow named Mr. Putin and some of the terrible things he’s doing In Ukraine. I think you should ask yourself how much do you believe the world and the people in it (as well as what happens to them as they are continuously experiencing the effects of their own actions and the effects of infinite number of other influential factors in life every moment of every day) revolve around you.

You are not considering the millions of other measurable and unnoticeable factors that dictate how well someone is doing in life (or not doing in life).

And it would be foolish to believe that all of these things are controlled by you simply being mad at someone.

This is narcissism. It's a third eye projection, I've had them too. When your upper psychic centers are more advanced than your lower ones, you can project out of the brow or crown center when having an out of body experience My soul sat up and stood up out of my body once, but it didn't look like that. It was very organized and seemed to have a well defined form. I did experience it first, as coming out of my face, but that's just because that's where eyes are located. It was body shaped, made of white light grid layers and once it was out of my face and sat up, I realized it came out of my entire body in the same manner which I saw it exit my face. 


I am forever looking for others who have seen their soul and was super glad to see your post! I had a spontaneous Astral projection while I was awake once.  One second I was lying down but allert and awake.  The next I was standing over my body directly over my head. I didn't go anywhere, just stood there looking at myself through my hands thinking, this is cool.

My friends mother came and stood in the door and started talking to me.  I could see her lips moving but not hear her.

I thought she is going to think I am rude if I don't respond, and the next minute I was sucked back in through my forhead between the eyes ( so face) 🙃 

So to answer your question, yes I have. I wonder if that is where everyone leaves and enters? Yes, it happens from time to time. 

Astral projection sounds like what you are doing. Keep going, you’ll discover many new things. I believe claircognizance Or they end up showing up No to be rude, but does it matter? Giving too much significance to words will actually weaken that power. Just feel what it is and build on it. Much love It's not a effing gift. It is a natural occurrence and happens often to alot of people. You are just weighing it heavier than others. Intent I think.  If your emotional, it might be your spirit/soul trying to fix the situation.  If your not thinking about something and something pops in your head, it’s probably intuition. That’s why a lot of people can’t read for themselves, you have an emotional attachment to the outcome. Especially with reading cards because there are so many different meanings a particular card can hold based on positioning & adjoining cards, it’s easy to see the meaning we’d like to see rather than stay detached and see other meanings. Especially when it’s something you really want. 

Sometimes it gets easier with age and experience to differentiate the difference between instinct & want, sometimes it doesn’t get easier so it’s up to you to take control. The future is malleable anyway, any prediction is a probable not a certainty anyway, so take charge of the situation. Do whatever you can do in the here & now to achieve that future you want. Let’s say this thing you want is to go to live in a particular town, you have a gut instinct you will but you want it so badly, you aren’t sure whether it’s really gut instinct you feel or just an overwhelming want. So forget the psychic for a moment and get into the physical instead. Do you have a place to live lined up? Start signing up to letting agents & view their properties. Do you have a job there or a college place there? Start applying for jobs/college places there. Are your finances in check? Have you considered how to physically move? Have you got removal quotes? Are you preparing mentally to move? What about the social life? Look up any local social media sites dedicated to the place. Check out the sites for the local takeaways, library, public transport! Anything that you can practically do to make this want a reality, do it & pay attention to your intuition whilst you do. Do you feel in line, is this flowing effortlessly to reach that goal? Or are you hitting stumbling blocks or even brick walls? Google "derivation of intuition". It doesn't mean what it's commonly used to mean.

Intuition does not mean desire. Wishful thinking does not mean desire. When you want something, you go after it. That is your will being imposed on your reality. And you will fail to get many things you desire. It takes practice to discipline and refine your will. 

And it's not a matter of strength alone. Or magic. Or intent. All the details matter, the most important detail being you must be yourself. If you are being false, meaning not true to yourself, how will the things you want ever find you? All the time, so much so when I tell my family they immediately take it serious and look for the dream playing out. Dreams others were pregnant, us moving, people going through things, world events, even celebrities in odd ways before finding out they were very ill and anything weird and random in between. Not an exact science, just randomly. Woke up from really weird and detailed dream and it played out that very day. Just weird lol In middle school once I dreamt that my boyfriend was going to break up with me and he did the very next day. Other than that I’ve dreamt very mundane things that eventually ended up happening, just snippets of unimportant conversations kind of thing.  I remember seeing my sis getting married in one of my dream. I was looking outside of my house to see a beach setting and my sis and bro in law getting married but for some reason I was unable to go outside and join in. 2 years later they married in Cozumel Mexico beach theme and sadly I was unable to make it from all my siblings. I also remember seeing my mom in a dream standing in the shower bleeding from her leg same thing years later she was at work when a blood clot busted she went into the ER. Used to write my dreams down habitually got a few dream journals. Need to go back to that fs. In all my dreams I’m in the afterlife, but on purpose. I was with my ex girlfriend and her female family members in a lucid dream. But a month later, after not hearing from her in 10 years, she messaged me the day I failed a suicide attempt! So I think I’m often with her as I sleep and in the afterlife! Once I dreamt of finding two quarters on the ground and the next day I did. Yes, I’ve had several of these dreams. Sometimes about big events, sometimes about small ones. Sometimes about people I’m not close to. I dreamed about when one of my uncles would die when I was a kid. Also about a life event for one of my aunts. Dreamed about a grade I got (got the exact one). Dreamed about some girl and a guy breaking up in a class I had.. wasn’t close to them at all. Had no clue about their private life. All the time, but it's usually really mundane, annoying 'glitch in the matrix' deja vu kind of stuff.

Just once I wish it was lottery numbers. All the time. I predicted my siblings & their names, wars, the fall of the Berlin Wall, Covid, my disillusionment with Christianity and the absolute insanity of Covid. 20 yrs ago I woke from a horrendous nightmare that was causing a panic attack right then. This happens multiple times every single year but I could never get past the horror of the millions of people dying to understand what it was or meant. I just knew it was a worldwide issue and health related. I was petrified for the future which sent me to a dark place. I couldn’t talk to anyone about it more than tangentially bc it made no sense in certain respects. All those horrible premonitions came true. No judgment on any religion here. When I was around 13 I dreamed once that I got up from bed and walked downstairs where a white paperback copy of the Book of Mormon was sitting on the counter. In the dream I asked my dad where it came from and he said some LDS guys had just dropped it off. I woke up that morning and went downstairs and there was a black paperback copy of the Book of Mormon. I asked my dad where it came from and he said some LDS guys just dropped it off. As far as I know there’s not really been any meaning to it other than to give me an interesting experience. My brother had been flirting with a girl for 2 years, stuck in a friendzone. One night I dreamed the two of them kissing, that day they kissed and started dating! I dreamed of a place I ended up working at YEARS later, it was just a moment of me putting beer bottles into a shelf. Then I had déjà vu of that same moment in real life at that job, a few minutes later two men came in and we had an armed robbery 🤷‍♀️ it was like a little warning Yeah. Shooting at a college in my state, friends’ pets dying, my dog dying, future work stress five years before I worked there, infertility/babies dying years in advance, a scene from current office window years before I worked there, old job shifting to a bad organizational culture, getting cheated on, getting dumped, my dad having a heart attack one year ahead but same date, this random flower on a table, which I saw the next day at a restaurant and then the interaction resulting in losing my best friend that same night (was 11 years ago or so (still miss them)), and a bunch of signs that led me to adopting my dog (a certain road I’d never seen before, rainbow, bear statue). My grandparents have shown up and warned me of things ahead and given advice. I think in one my grandma was warning me about Covid, but it was a confusing one. I wish I’d dream of something good happening. I dreamed of a positive pregnancy test right in my face.. the next day I went to get one and I was pregnant My craziest story is back in 2009 I was living outside of DC. On the morning of June 22 I woke up at about 5am from a dream about a train crash. Later that day at 5 pm a DC metro train crashed. 

That is definitely my most profound and prophetic dream on an event. I have definitely had more mundane dreams of kind of basic interactions come true.  

I’ve had some covid related dreams in 2020-2021 that have turned out true. I dreamt the Russians starting a war but I thought at the time they’d be attacking the US I dreamt of a drone flying at the start of the war in Afghanistan. Later I saw that same drone in news footage about the war. I had never seen it before that dream. trigger warning: pregnancy loss 

i had a dream id had a miscarriage. it was really vivid and i woke up looking for blood, but baby was still alive at that time. exactly 30 days later i found out i’d had a missed miscarriage 2 weeks earlier. I also have a lot of experiences  first time I noticed it was when i was 14 years old I had a dream where  me and my brother going to a house painted white.  A family friend of ours were there and they had 2 computers and they gave us one computer. A long time after this dream my parents build a new house and it was painted white , when we moved their , this family friend was our neighbor and they gifted us a computer. I was very shocked to realise that I actually visioned the same thing a long before it happened, after that I had many more dreams where I saw the future  sometimes I am now able to identify which of the dream is going to happen in real and which are not. I had a dream I was in an unfamiliar city at night, walking around trying to find my way. 3 weeks later the exact scenario played out. Exact streets, intersections, even the people i saw. It was 3 am or so and I was alone. I ended up finding myself in Alimony California. My dead father was the one who's ran me through the dream before it happened I’ve had 3 big ones and some not as important. 
1. I dreamt my grandfather passed away and found out the next day he died at 4am, so while I was having that dream probably. 
2. My bf is in the military and I once dreamt he was screaming “Rayco! Watch out, Rayco…” stuff like that, and when we got in contact he told me how he and his partner Rayco (whose name I had never heard before that I remembered) got shot over their heads, they could hear the bullets hitting the rocks around them, but they were fine, no one got shot. 
3. When I was a teenager I dreamt I was getting married but the man I was marrying I had only seen once or twice in my life, it wasn’t my current bf (who I expected to be marrying in my dream) but he turned out to be my long term boyfriend, we moved out together and how things are going it looks like it might come true. I worked in a phone store and sold a sim card to a guy who killed someone. It took the cops 6 months or so to figure out it was him. 

During that time they interviewed me and asked if i could remember anything about the guy who bought it. The number on the sim was the last number to text her before she was found. 

I wasnt able to remember anything but i gave a statement and that was that. A couple weeks later i was thinking about the case and I was in a half awake/half asleep dream state. I asked kinda subconciously will they catch the guy who killed her. I remember seeing an image of a guy standing in court with a blue jumpsuit on. I remembered it vividly because it was a weird outfit for someone in that situation. 

A few weeks later I see in the paper that they have solved the case and the dude is standing there in his blue jumpsuit. Yeah. I have a quite sad/bad dating history and it was depressing for me at one point that I couldn’t find anyone that would be good for me. It got to a point where I was extremely angry for months at the universe because of this. 
Then one day I had a dream, that I would meet a tall, handsome, dark haired man, with great gentleman manners that I will be in a relationship with. I looked surprised he was so kind to me and I was very happy. A month later I started dating exactly that guy, and I still am. I’m so happy. Constantly All the time. Whatever it is always happens the very next day. Last night I dreamt of making candles. Today was the hottest day of the year and  I had to fix one of my candles because it melted I dreamed of two places I later worked at. These were only a few seconds I remembered and it was akin to deja vu, but I know I dreamed it. And I have seen houses and buildings from dreams here. The dreams tend to be unpleasant and I get a gross feeling when I see somewhere from dreams.  Edit for a word I’ve had many small dreams of things that happened later on. Most of the time it’s me being somewhere at a specific place and something happening. Or it would be parts of a conversation. One time I dreamed of a kickball game I took part in. There were a few familiar faces on my team and some on the other. It also turned out we lost. A week or so later, we play kickball, with some people I know, and lose. This has happened to me more times than I can count. I dreamt that I was telling people I will get vaccine on 12/1! And everyone corrected me “no no no. Your vaccine date is 1/12!” Even the airline tweeted at me telling me my date is 1/12.  Few months later in real life, I got Covid on 1/12 in another country. I dreamt that I was at the wedding of my Swedish friend. I hadn’t seen her in 5 years and hadn’t spoken to her since about 4 irl. In the dream, she was getting married but we couldn’t find the groom. The wedding never happened. 

When I woke up, I decided to text her and visit since it had been so long. I told her my dream and she informed me she broke up with her bf that day I had the dream I had a dream about a tree branch falling and crushing my car, the following day I pulled into my driveway and thought about the dream and pulled into a different spot (more for shits and giggles than anything else) , when I came back out to my car a 9 foot branch was laying in my usual parking spot. My car was completely fine but I came out and just kinda stood there like 😧 I was had a dream my step mom & little sister came to visit (from California) and when i woke up they were actually there😂 I had a dream that my brother shot people from out of his car. I brushed it off. I knew he was hanging with not great ppl but I didn’t think anything of it. 2 weeks later I got a call that my brother shot 2 people (he says it’s self defense which I believe) I have dreamt situations in first person, and thinking by myself, as time pases, i get in a situation where im thinking and doing the same as my dream

Dreams can be months apart or in situations where im not used to be, but somehow i get in the situation and become reallity

I was cooking today (ham&egg) i dont usually cook that, like, it is the first time in about 2 months. In my dream, i was thinking to myself about how much I'm struggling with my job and studies, and that i cannot put 100% focus in none of them, this while cooking ham and eggs. 

There was a point in the reallity where I started to talk internally and complain about time and how i could not focus 100% in none of them, this started with an internal rant cuased by a teacher who made me redo my project.

I have had another situation where i was with a Friend's sister and someone asked about vgetarian food, we were with a Group and in some sort of circle.

 I dont used to go out with her, this was actually the first and only time i did, so, we went out with her friends and then, boom at the end of the night we seated in the back of a pickup truck, gathered in a circle, and a friend of hers start talking about vegetarian food All of my dreams become reality. I will list a few of them

•Moving into my own place (a week after a fight with my narc mom - I moved out and have been on my own ever since) it’s been almost 10years 

•Graduating with Honours 

•Having my place decorated the exact way that I envisioned it 

•Getting my full driver’s licence 

•Traveling solo 

•Meeting people that match my vibration 

•Self publishing my own material 

•Financial stability 

I’ll leave it there. Hope this was helpful. Yeppp…. Dreamt about the university/college I would go to at 21. Was dreaming about it constantly since I was 14. Dreamt about friends and professors I would make at Judson and meet. Dreamt about one of my exes asking me out and dreamt about my boyfriend now. Dreamt about random things about celebrities too like music and babies and weird random things. Dreamt about boring mundane things that come true later on. Dreamt about my uncle passing away. Had my grandma visit me a few times in dreams and give me messages as well. Been happening since I was kid and it for some reason gotten stronger as I got older instead of disappearing like most people experiences. But the thing is I don’t do anything to do practice it to make it stronger just happens. Also I dream about random information about people I shouldn’t know. It’s very weird because I’m only person in my family who has psychic abilities. I’m kind of an odd ball and don’t fit in at all. Last night I dreamt i was with my mom and my ex who cheated on me last lockdown she turned against me fully for him. I moved out she moved him in but dreamt she had a black eye from him last night and it was one of those powerful dreams you wake up with all the emotions running wild stay with you for weeks after. I hope not but also think poetic justice if true. I dreamed she was cheating on me too. 

First dream I was searching for her in my dream I found her but then we parted ways immediately she went off with small group. I went the other way with my small group. To then more dreams like it and guy involved. Weeks later learned there was a new guy and she was totally lost to me. 

If she even needed me though ide help her ide beat him bad show him how much he's ruined me. I'm just waiting to get to family court to get my kids access he controls everything as far as I can tell. She wanted to co parent be freinds just so sorry this happened but is happening. She chooses him after 14yrs. Pulled me inside out. Its been a year now she's already had his baby its just all insane. 


But my mum did this to my step dad too. One night a week before I found out trying to talk to her feeling distant I fold her all about my mums story even though my ex knew that story I reminded her no idea why how she went off and married a psycho who beat her so much she ran 100s of miles to escape him after 17yrs with my step dad and shed beat him he'd take it. Same as me if my ex couldn't win an argument and sure we had many but ide laugh her off once she starts gorilla pounding on me.


But you cant go talking about dreams can you lol. I just hope she knows if she did need me shed only have to ask. She might be a monster to me now but still my girls mom. I dreamt about the Bali bombings a few days before it happened..I was 16? I was in the immediate aftermath of the bombing outside and people were running and freaking out in chaos and there was huge fire lighting up the sky and palm trees. I knew it was something terrible. 

I was so disturbed by the dream I told my mum and sister about it and said I was worried something bad was going to happen. They assured me it was just a dream and maybe tied to anxiety from 9/11

My sister came into my bedroom a few days later and asked me did I remember the dream I had had and I said yes of course why? And she told me a nightclub in Kuta, Bali had been bombed as part of a targeted terrorist attack. I dreamt of COVID 

MH370

Hilary Clinton getting shafted

A few mass shootings, felt like I'd astral travelled to take the place of the victims so their souls were saved so-to-speak, felt the horror, heard the footsteps, the sensation of knowing you're in your final moments. Most make peace with it, or maybe that was me. All the time.  The dreams seem to have a slight ringing to them and a glow which always makes them stand out more.  Anyways, when I was a kid my mom had a new-ish boyfriend and I dreamt that his name wasn’t actually what everyone had been calling him by.  I tried to tell her the next day that “Steven” was using a false name and hiding something.  She didn’t believe me and we ended up in a pretty severe argument whereby she laughed at me because she thought it was a silly dream and I needed to grow up. Fast forward about 6 months and “Steven” was arrested by the US Marshall’s at his place of work.  He’d been on the run from another state for weapons charges and using his brothers identity.  I’ve had predictive dreams my whole life and after that incident my mother always paid close attention to them. Lol. When I finished my official high school exams, I was anxious about the mark and place I would get. I kept having anxious dreams about it all the time. One week before the exam results were out, I dreamt about them, and I saw the name of the student who got the highest mark in the entire district; I saw his full name clearly and the mark he got. In the dream I was sad it wasn't me because I got an average mark compared to his. I was still journaling my dreams back then, so I wrote down the dream I had including his name and his mark when I woke up. One week later, results come out, I pass, average grade, all is good. But another week goes by and it hits me that I still don't know who got the highest mark. I look it up, and sure enough, his name was there along with the mark. I was confused for a second because I was sure I have heard that name before, only how and where? and it instantly hits me, I open the journal and it's the exact same name.. was a strange experience. I've seen my children before they were born.

found things that were misplaced

Witnessed a man getting a DUI even when he wasn't driving.

lots of other unverifiable incidents i had a dream when i was around 6 years old that there was a “bad lady” who was trying to hurt people and i drew a picture of what she looked like and what she was wearing, showed it to my mom and she thought it was strange but we both just forgot about it until like eight months later. i grew up going to church, now i’m a satanist lol, and my mom witnessed the exact woman from my dream wearing the exact outfit i drew on her “attempting to put a curse” on the pastor during the sermon. (i put it in quotation marks because i wasn’t there and that might’ve been an exaggeration) regardless my mom was absolutely shocked that i had dreamt of the same woman months ago. Last week I dreamt my partner was fired from his job-which he started a month and a half ago- he called me the same day to let me know he was fired.

Dreamt he found another better job, 2 days later he finds a job 4 minutes walking from home in front of the beach cooking paella- what he actually loves- and is making a better wage, first day was yesterday
——-

Asides from that I always dream when a relative is dying. Thanks to this my mom could rush to my grandpa’s side before he died If this ever happened life would be bizarre Kinda random, but once I lost my favorite hairbrush, looked everywhere I thought it could be and couldn’t find it. Bought a similar one but it just wasn’t the same. Months later I had a dream where I looked under my dresser and found my hairbrush, woke up, looked under my dresser, and there it was. When I was younger, I had a few premonitions via dreams. I had a dream that my great-grandfather (who I wasn't even close with) was sitting in a completely white room (think of what they show heaven to look like in TV and sitcoms), and when I woke up I found out that he had passed away.

Likewise I had a dream about my childhood cat dying, woke up to find he had also passed away that morning. I also had a dream before my grandfather (different one) died, that he was telling me what day he would pass on. That came to be true. My moms death. I walked into the hospital early in the morning, straight to her room, 5th floor, last bed on the corridor. She was lying surrounded by people wearing all black and were really tall. Then I woke up in tears. 
One year later. Everything happened exactly like my dream. Except for the the people wearing black. Maybe they were there but I couldn’t see them. The genders of both my son and daughter It sounds like your asking these psychics about the future. This indicates that you probably think the future is predetermined in some way or form. This is a misunderstanding.

All the psychics are seeing exactly what they see and interpreting it as best they know how. They aren't lying; they are telling you what they see.

Your expectation that the future is predictable instead of probable is what's causing your confusion.

Next time, ask them about a relationship that you have with someone in present time, like a parent or sibling. "Tell me about my relationship with X."  Often times, this is much more useful to you because the psychics are seeing the energy of your reality, not the energy of all possible futures and telling you about the strongest future energy at that moment. 

And it's also more fun! You don't have to wait to find out if the reading is useful or not. This is generally the result you get when you see many psychics for the same question. The future is always changing and energies can be difficult to interpret..and honestly many psychics misunderstand their capabilities. Did it occur to you that many of them aren't legit? What's so confusing? You don't just believe every stranger who tells you they are psychic. I have spoken to other people during travels, who spoke other languages than I do. At first, I tried to communicate in the small bits of their language which I do know. I quickly realized this was unnecessary as things just automatically translated for each of us. Surprised me. I knew someone who spoke three languages: Spanish as a mother language, and she learnt English during school and learnt Chinese while she lived in China for two years. I once asked her in what languages did she dream and she says it would be random at times but mostly it was, as of the time, in Chinese and I asked her If it was easy or if she had trouble understanding it while asleep as she was not 100%fluent, she could get by in China but not completely fluent, and she told me that her dreams had subtitles! Like it would be in Chinese and there'd be subtitles in English or Spanish! But her English or Spanish dreams never had subtitles in them. I've often heard languages I don't understand in the hypnogogic state. Because I took Spanish in high school I often have random dreams trying to speak it but none of it really makes sense. 😁 a couple of months ago i had a dream where i me and my friend were speaking in korean. when i was dreaming i didn’t realize it but when i woke up i was like -i didn’t know what we were talking about but i know we were speaking in korean- but the thing is korean is not my mother language I don’t remember which was first, I think a cat. But I remember being a cat, and then suddenly being a bird and flying. Next thing I remember I’m me, about a year or so old, and I’m falling off a riding toy splitting my chin open. I don’t remember specifics of the cat & bird- now it’s like a memory of a memory if that makes sense. I know when I was young (under 6) I probably could have given actual details. 

Funny thing is, I’ve yet to meet a cat that didn’t like me. My sister has a cat that’s the biggest asshole to everyone but an absolutely snuggle bug to me. He hisses and scratches anyone who tries to pick him up except me- he scratches lightly if I try to put him down. 
I’m terrified of heights, and falling, but I find flying very peaceful. I loved looking out the window and seeing all that openness below me. 
These are probably just coincidental but I think it’s interesting. You should read many lives many masters. Reincarnation is something I’ve always believed in and reading it through that lens and no skepticism was really cool. In regards to your question about genetics, my opinion and would say is that your soul chose everything about your path including “random” genetics. I believe there’s a lot less free will than we like to think. I’m kind of new to spiritually and stuff, but I think there’s a 95% chance reincarnation is true. I’ve heard so  many stories about kids knowing their past lives and all the details they said about a person they were in their past life ended up to be true it’s a very complex thing, as if unavoidable. i read it somewhere that in order to reincarnate, you must have no connections to the material world. how does one achieve such a thing? in this life, i’m on the search for answers :) I do believe in reincarnation. I know several people that have recollections or were able to see their past lives Some people have recollections. There's a show on Netflix about kids who remember and most of what they remembered was able to be verified. I watched a YouTube video last night about a woman who remembers being incarnated that was interesting. It's just the way this strange universe works. If you haven't found the answer inside, others who have can help.   We have all lived countless lives starting at the smallest bacterial level. We have maneuvered through the animal kingdom up to this point - consciously aware. Now it is time to graduate from the physical by burning any karmic tendencies we may hold. It could take many lifetimes or it could be done in an instant. Surrender. Let go of all attachment to this physical world. Understand that everything is in motion, constant change. Nothing ever stops, nothing ever stays. From family members to material items.  Habits and tendencies create karma. Karma is not a balance of right and wrong, good bad etc... Karma is attachment... And attachment is the cement that glues you to rebirth. If you want to break the cycle, be consciously aware in every moment. Surrender. Let go, be free. I asked my mentor why he was so able to be entirely care free and without stress, worry anxiety he said that he has lived life successfully thousands of times, this is one of my first times living an 'aware life' but that I was already impressive in my strength "It’s interesting that we have no recollections of our past lives."

What makes you think that's true? The U.S. threatened sanctions against China if they interfered with the Dalai Lama’s reincarnation..It was nestled in 2020 Covid Package Trump signed. No one knows for sure.
I am starting to believe that there are generational curses of abusive cycles within family units.
I also don't think that all members of a family in one life time will keep it going, like your grandparent becomes your grand child. I think it does go this way often but you can connect with karmic souls and soul mates in other ways. It's not always going to be blood relations.
You can be sent different karmics, it's only really the soul mates you need to connect with in each life time. As a soul contract goes. 
However when you regard the ancestral spirits, it does seem that what you give to others as a member of the family, you will get back in return, in one way or another.
The good and bad intentions will balance out as the energy has to find balance. I don’t believe in reincarnation but in Akashik files : a common memory of every that was lived.  And I prefer solidarity : we are all connected and make progress , received blessing for each other. when we choose selfishness, it is bad for all humanity (and creation) but it can be cured by love. A priest once told me that it can be the devil who’s putting those memories into the minds of children since it knows peoples pasts. I however still have my questions and doubts  🤷‍♀️ THERE GOES THE LAST GREAT AMERICAN DYNASTY! in a room of her own. I see it less as levels and more as a house with different floors and rooms on each floor; (e.g. main floor is psychic as a whole but basement is clairaudience. In the basement you have multiple rooms that showcase different aspects of clairaudience, some doors will just be open and you can just walk in and access. Some are closed but unlocked, you just need to be willing to open the door and step in to see what's ahead and most doors are locked, you have a key that opens most doors meaning you can train some of these abilities but they may not be something you just have automatic access to and some doors the key won't open the lock no matter what, these are skill you just aren't able to access.) Yeah there is so many different types of psychics. And even amongst different types you got different levels of this psychic ability. It's matching energy and permission. Being in close proximity to psychics creates more permission for your own abilities to open and flex a little bit. 

The part where you see the same thing the psychic is seeing is matching energy with their crown chakra and yours. 

That's the mechanism that the energy uses to create the experiences you describe. Culturally, there are a lot of different ways these same experiences get described, and often times the descriptions have nothing to do with the actual mechanism. 

But it's not scary, even when it scares you and you scream. It's just matching energy with permission to see energy and spirit. The most impressive tk demo I’ve seen (which is also completely unverifiable) was a pen being rolled across a table, and the woman who did it was totally exhausted after. Everything else I’ve seen or done my self is on an incredibly small scale like knocking a tiny piece of paper over. It’s basically an inconsistent parlor trick at best. A waste of time really. 

If you’re really set on it, the idea is to remove the false mental barrier of separation between you and the object. It should feel like an extension of you in the same way as your hand or foot does. Then you just move it. It takes deep concentration and a lot of energy. [removed] A LOT of meditating. You basically need to get to the levels where you're literally feeling energy and can form energy balls.

You can then use that energy harnessed and control it and move small objects. It takes quite a bit of work but is interesting nonetheless. Practice, it's not easy to do, it took me weeks to get a can rolling. I invite Archangel Michael, who has authority over all entities and demons.

Let's him handle it.

Peace! .The crystal jet is an awesome protective black crystal. I wear a bracelet of it on the left because that’s the receiving side. 
. Humming
. Chanting
. Sage
. Palo santo
. Fill your space with loving light
. Silver crosses
. don’t feed it any energy/ as if it didn’t exist
. Visualize healing imagery over area of discomfort/ tense area.
. Remember your power/ energy
You are the captain.
. Wearing all white
. Prayer
And yes praying to arch angel Michael
. Ask higher self to leave answers on what to do.
. Hide aura? Sometimes I visualize a invisibility cloak.
. Call back your energy
. Protective symbols, wearing them, sometimes I wave the sage into different symbols, visualizing the symbol all around. 

Good luck hope this helps 
You got the power!🐥✨🌞 The description sounds like a parasite.  Do you happen to be experiencing a specific emotion more so than you usually do? There are some people I don’t want to be next to because I feel my energy being zapped just by being near them. However, if I’m grounded and consciously protecting my energy, it’s not as bad. Could be a few different things going on there to be honest. 

First instinct was an energy vampire. They will drain your energy in the same way we think of vampires draining blood from their victims - hence the name. Shielding & blocking helps, avoiding them as much as possible helps more. 

But the anxiety bit? Sometimes that just happens with people we just aren’t on the same wavelength with, their energy clashes with ours to make us feel unsettled or anxious around them. Or feeling that anxiety, it could be your own intuition warning you to stay away from this person. On some level you know they/their intentions towards you, aren’t so good, and maybe even dangerous. That’s a gut instinct that should always be listened to IMHO. If someone makes you feel scared, unsettled, on edge or anxious, for whatever reason, listen to that feeling and keep your distance from them as much as you can. 

The ‘taking out’ of information could be any number of psychic abilities the person also has, or it could just be the mannerisms or characteristics they have that aren’t psychic in nature at all…. An old psychology trick is to keep quiet around people and let them do the talking (as most people want to fill the silence so talk). Not remotely psychic in nature but incredibly effective at getting information from people and quite manipulative too. It just sounds like empathy. My vibration drops a lil whenever I come into contact with people. Most people vibrate at very low levels so this phenomenon is pretty common for empaths.

Nobody can "steal" or "manipulate" your energy without your permission. We're all connected, so it may feel like they're doing something, but they're really not. You just gotta stay up on your energy practice. I see There's no such thing as "death" imo; only transition. My cousin, who is definitely more like my twin brother, feels this way on occasion. And while it’s not a “depressive state” (bc he has had those…. Frequents them as well as manic episodes sometimes. He’s conscious of those, even!) but imo, its because I believe he ultimately feels…. *Useless.* Void of a purpose and no true responsibility to anything that exists. No children…. A s/o or spouse would still soldier on once hes gone, and animals too would be taken care of if he was to suddenly die. 

He doesnt *want to die* but he says “I dont necessarily want to be here, either.” It may just be as complicated and as simple as this… you have to find what your “purpose” is. 

Depending on your personal beliefs, there are teachings/ religions that believe that you live and die multiple times, right? Reincarnation…. And every life is meant for the spirit or soul to “learn” something, and to ultimately “pass a test” of sorts. 

It could be that your lesson or purpose has not revealed itself in this life cycle…. And maybe, your existence this time around is meant to help *another spirit* with their journey. (I firmly believe there are some things we go through that can be especially difficult and we say “damn why me??!” And to that, my response is **“sometimes the lesson isnt meant for you.”**

Ending your life cycle prematurely may make that lesson to be learned impossible for the spirit it was meant for…. And could be detrimental to the growth of your own life cycle…

Lots of deep “ifs” I know, but it does indeed make me wonder some days. And I read your “not a cry for help” as genuine, but if you were to take your thoughts to a level beyond just the discussion, Id highly suggest finding an unbiased voice to help with those thoughts. 💕 yes, i would be okay to go right now :) Yes, though I do read a lot about NDEs and have had many spiritual experiences myself. I did have an NDE too but as I was being pulled towards the light, I quickly realized I was dead and immediately went back to my body. I knew it was not my time. Death is just the final point of your experience. Something that gives this experience sense, since with infinite time we would end up doing all the choices we want, so wouldn't be crucial to make decisions or aim for something instead of something else. After years I don't fear death anymore for two main reasons: I know is not the end and I am doing what I really want to do in this lifetime. We could die any moment for any reason, but if you do all the time what you really want and matters for you will be always ok to go: is impossible to accomplish everything we hope for, but I don't waste a second Honestly that's my regular view on it. I've lived a good life, I've helped a lot of people in their darkest times. When my time comes, I will greet death like a long lost friend. Yes I'm ok with dying just now.. I've given up on myself and people make me angry I don't want to die but I haven't been afraid of dying for at least 7 years now. For a while I was totally Blaise about my mortality. But now I have 3 pets that depend on me and when I think of dying on my way home from work I get sad that no one will be able to take care of them (not exactly true but the fact they depend on me makes me care a little bit more about making it home alive) lmao. Yeah writing all this out makes me sound a bit disturbed but *shrugs* I don’t fear death at all but I’d be bummed if I died because there’s so much I still want to experience. That being said, the feeling of not feeling connected or indifferent about living or dying can be caused by a lot of things, when that happens for me it’s due to not being adequately grounded. You need to ground your energy and tether to earth, you’re energy is likely in the clouds. The clouds is a pleasant place to be, but the ground is where you get the full human experience. I'm not only okay with dying, I've been looking forward to it since I was a child. Just because I believe I will get concrete *answers* upon death. Most of what I'm doing here, is blindly guessing and connecting dots.


Still, nobody's taking me out before my time. Absolutely. And trust me, this feeling is very distinct from feeling suicidal. The difference lies between having respect and appreciation for death as a force, vs craving death as a means of escape. I see death as something to not fear, but something to look forward to without rushing towards. I was really sick and near death at age 17. I told my mother I wasn't afraid of dying, just afraid of what I'd miss out on. I am very sad because I lost someone close to me- and I don’t. Feel like I can go on alone

My heart aches- I look forward to leaving this world- and hope I never have to come back because it’s difficult here

I hope the after life is better than this real life Definetly don't end your life. If you feel suicidal, please seek help and talk to someone. I don't fear death, but I don't want to end my life.  The two are very different. 

But to answer your question: yes. I was stabbed and it hit an artery and I thought I was going to die. But I felt weirdly calm and okay with it. I survived....or did i? Muhahaha! A cop saved my life. The EMS couldn't come to the scene until the police cleared it. The first cop on the scene said, "fuck that", threw me in his car, and coded to the ambulance. I will be forever grateful to him. 

FYI I was bouncing out of a club when this happened. A guy assaulted a woman, and I was dragging him out when he stabbed me. In the neck. 

But yeah, I can now totally relate to that feeling. Death doesn't scare me personally, but it makes me worried for those I would leave behind. And I have no feelings of wanting to take my own life. I'm going to enjoy it while I have it. You sound extremely depressed and like you're oppressing yourself. Is there nothing you want to do? Nothing you enjoy doing? 

It sounds like deep inside you definitely feel things, you've just told yourself they're not okay and denied them. If you want to die, there are definitely reasons. Why aren't you being honest with yourself? to be, or not to be…. You are here to experience life. If it is generally tolerable, just keep going. Death/transition will happen eventually anyway <3 Yes. I've almost died a few times and it wasn't bad at all. Even when there was a lot of suffering to get me there. Dying was the easy part. It is quite peaceful. One night I felt very sick and laid down on my bed. I remember feeling like I was going to die and this feeling of bliss washed over my body. I went to sleep thinking "if I die, that's okay". I thought maybe I was crazy until my husband said he felt the same exact thing around the same time.  Clarity of awareness it is what it is.  Now what?   Is that all the enlightenment you want?  Can you expand further and get better insights?  Yes you can and here is where it is at.       Happiness  does not serve survival.  Happiness comes and goes.  Practices last, purpose is there.  Purpose gives you drive. To spark that, one should practice compassion.  Therein lies a multitude of things to be done.   Conscious detachment should be discerned as something different from apathy and depression.       Aversion is as much a problem as attachment is.
I kept going.  I keep going.  Choosing purposes daily.  Compassion for all ,lol, even shaking my fist at some. I think it depends on your age. If you're having these thoughts at 70 well okay. If you're 20; something is amiss. 


As a suicide survivor, professional psychic reader, and someone who has dx'd OCD & severe generalized anxiety; I would say that it isn't the intentional function of the body to operate in the opposite of survival mode.



survival is written in our DNA and that's why people fight so hard to live. 


so when things are like 'I'm ready to die...' again as somebody who has, you know... dealt with "mental health issues" in the past, I would say that it's possible that you could be having some type of depressive episode that you're not aware of. 


You remind me of a client of mine that I had, and about a year later he ended up ending his life. I met him here on Reddit, in this forum, and his message started out almost exactly the same as yours. 



So I would encourage you to seek some therapy or counseling from someone who is trained to diagnose mental health issues because your brain is VITAL! 


What I learned losing my client is that human beings do not reach out for help soon enough because we think we can handle everything on our own. We can't. There's nothing wrong with getting some help. 


You might not even think there's anything wrong, but **apathy** is a symptom of some disorders like OCD. 



Sorry if seems intense. After he died, I vowed to never again try to spiritualize mental health issues, and direct people to get help. I  am also in therapy. Nothing wrong with it. 


❤️ As a mom of four children, death is not on my radar. 


I don't think about it anymore. I've made peace with the contract being the contract. I do not want to know my Exit Plan. 


I plan on living until I'm super old and then hopefully they'll have developed technology to greatly extend people's lives over the next 50 years, and if that's the case,  I'm in like Flynn baby! I'll take *all the chips* and everything cuz Immortality? bring it on! 


I would like to do a bunch of things, and if I could die whenever I wanted that would be awesome. 


Otherwise, I just want to live til I'm super old and I want to see as much of my family generation line play out as possible.


I want to see what my kid's kids look like, and if I'm old enough to see their kids- that would be amazing and I want to be around long enough to make an impression on the world and on my family, definitely. 


I don't fear death. I'm not scared to die. nothing like that, but I definitely want to live till I'm at least one hundred.


No one gets out alive. We're definitely not special in that any of us gets to escape death. However if there's a way to extend it so that I could have another hundred years like I would totally take that in a heartbeat. Yes, I am a very happy person and have a fulfilled life.  For all of that I have faced death many times and no longer fear the transition.   

I also don't just mean I have come close to dying, which I have; but I have also seen the specter of death when it came for a young woman I worked with. Maybe you had time issues in previous employment and that maybe creeping into your present day. Could it be a sign you need to move on or acknowledging you want to lay down roots as time is passing you by?
The smells could be there to take you to certain time and place as we have certain fragrance we associate with certain places or people. Dig deep within and feel what your sensing in your mind when you get these feelings as your very first impressions are often what you need to take notice of and ask yourself what are you trying to show me.  Don't let your mind race as it often tries to make sense of what you are sensing and you loose that first impression Clairalience means clear smelling. 
This is being able to smell odors that don't have any kind of physical source. Instances of this could include smelling the perfume or the cigarette smoke of a deceased relative, used as a sign of their presence around us. When our sense of smell is strong and distinct, we may find that certain smells connect us to past memories or we may be drawn to working as a florist, a wine taster or a perfume fragrance creator. Anyone has the sense to detect energy.  You don't necessarily have to practice reiki to pick up on energy.
If you look ant the outline of most things you can see the energy around it, don't really focus on and give it a soft gaze and you will be able to sense the e energy around the object.  I worked with wind turbines and I could see the glow of energy around them just from gazing at them It’s just like a muscle. Some people are born with stronger abilities while others have to work it out. Why are some people naturally better at basketball?

Why are some people naturally better at chess?

Why are some people naturally better at dancing? I believe it's due to a few reasons.  How many incarnations you have been through and your purpose being here in this life,  how open you are to spirit and has trauma caused you to block yourself?
Sometimes we get that wrapped up in our own lives and what's going on we simply can't see the wood for the trees.  In short we all have the ability, but some open up more than others because everyone is programmed and walked through life in many different ways ANYONE can experience this phenomena in the right brainwave state, in response to a weak magnetic field around the brain. Magnetism is an intrinsic property of consciousness itself. You have millions of magnetite crystals in your brain, and when your brain is in a state of hemispheric coherence, your brain is more capable of perceiving non-local/psychic information. 

I think you will find some good research on this through the work of the neuroscientist Michael A Persinger (RIP) and his team, among them Dr Todd Murphy who has an excellent YouTube channel with video lectures on this topic. 
Dr Persinger studied this phenomena for decades before he died. Dr Todd Murphy continues this work. 

All human brains are capable of receiving extra sensory information. When you are conscious/alert and awake, your brain operates on a higher frequency brainwave than when you’re sleeping/meditating/dreaming. Psychic phenomena studied in Persinger’s lab found that the 7-7.8hz frequency was typically the frequency in which psychic phenomena was experienced and could be observed in the lab. 

If you entrain your brainwaves to that frequency, the “binding factor” of your consciousness is disrupted and your brain is then sensitive to be aware of electromagnetic signals from other areas (outside of the brain), i.e, “non local information” aka psychic phenomena. Your brain is capable of this because it is full of magnetite crystals. Even though you may not be able to identify what a magnetic field “feels” like, you would be affected by it, regardless. 

The “binding factor” is simply the frequency we typically operate on, which allows us to believe that we are separate individuals and our consciousness is inside our body. Disrupt the signal and that changes. 

All magnetic fields are connected, so, if your brain is in coherence with the Schumann resonance, your brain may become aware of all kinds of information throughout the whole magnetic field. Again, ALL magnetic fields being connected (all conscious creatures, throughout earth’s magnetic field) would mean you could access more information from more places than you could imagine.

What’s really cool is that you can build technology, pretty affordable, that can entrain your brain to that frequency and experience this even if you may not otherwise consider yourself to be psychic. It uses a programmed Arduino, and a copper coil around a halo, runs off a program and a 9v battery, and is no more powerful than stereo headphones.

That being said, I wouldn’t consider myself or my mom to be psychic people, and the first time we used this technology she was able to ACCURATELY remote view and correctly identify a simple drawing I had made. I also attempted to read her thoughts, and approximated a representation of what she was thinking of (a butterfly). Both of us are completely new to these kind of experiences, and we are finding that it feels much more like our imagination, than what it actually is. We will be conducting further experiments to see how far we can develop our abilities and train ourselves to become more psychic. I personally believe that we each come here on a mission to do and learn certain things. Some people didn’t come here to experience those abilities but to experience other things this world has to offer. No one is better than one another, just on different journeys. That’s my simplified take on it at least. Some have more neural connections in their brain. Specifically a region of the brain called the caudate putamen. Everyone is psychic. Some have some resemblance of control over it.  Others rationalize low probability events and never really question where the information came from. Because their energy fields, bodies and minds have a different structure. Different is not better, is often worse in this case. Simply put; we are all unique. Each of us has something that we excel at more than most all others, as it should be. I'm sure you would agree you have an ability that's stronger/more developed than your others. Focus on the one that comes easily to you. I believe that ability is the one you will excel at as you are meant to. 💜 I feel like some people have pure intentions so their third eye and heart chakras arent blocked It comes with a price. The less-psychic people def romance the idea, however, the ability to peer behind the vail is more like a burden that few acknowledge (it mostly manifests as mental illness), and even fewer are able to turn into something productive that can actually help others. People have had many lives to learn many different kinds of karmic lessons.
As the soul gets older and learns more, the spiritual growth strengthens.
Some people move towards their higher self to the higher vibrational state and will be more receptive to the influences of spirit.
If our souls choose to descend, fail to learn lessons, and repeat life mission cycles, then those souls will struggle to connect with spirit. Genetic disposition may have something to do with it.  Divine blood and breeding or incarnations of Deities.  That would be the simplest answer.  It's been said the genetic difference between a spiritual person and an atheists perception is genetic as well and may relate to the penial gland, some people do not really have these.  I do not know if that's true but with be a logical understanding to the difference in our perception and reception to the universe. Awareness of information and energy is a study and pratice. 
Some come into the world more inclined to it, some work a bit to get it. 

It just depends on if you want it or reject it 
Muscles are muscles, lile top comment said 👌 [removed] Why are some ppl better at art then others? My self esteem has decreased after reading the comments :/ 

I feel like Mirabel from Encanto lol The same reason some people are naturally more athletic than others I’m someone who’s been  psychic since a child and my abilities haven’t really waned when I became an adult. As a child, I would talk to my grandfather that passed away & I knew facts about him that I shouldn’t of because I never met him in person. As a teenager, I could go to someone’s house and the lights would turn on or you could see “spirit people” in their house (especially when it’s my first time coming there). I even had friends that passed away when I was a teenager & they would come visit me & they would talk to me as if were having a conversation in real life. They would talk to me as if they didn’t die & like we are having a conversation as friends. My door would open and close all night & at some point I dropped out of school because I couldn’t handle my gifts. Did I ask for these gifts? Not exactly, but I couldn’t turn it off so I adapted to the gifts. When I was a teenager, I thought it was a bad thing because I experienced things like my bed levitating in the air, spirits jumping on phone calls with me talking to friends, spirits appearing in pictures & having panic attacks because I continued to see things. There was even a time, I went to visit my uncle for the first time in Georgia & I saw three different spirits in a room and the next day I was able to take a picture of one in these rainbow colors. 

I truly think some people are born with the gifts & didn’t necessarily ask for it but we are all intuitive in our own ways. I am basing this on my own experience & I think some people can enhance their psychic abilities and start their spiritual journey later on in life. Honestly, I think when you start your journey later in life or enhance the abilities on your own, it’s really nice because you are ready and welcoming that awakening. When you are born with it, it can be quite frightening at such a young age & times when you’re very vulnerable (like depression or times of sadness- negative spirits can be attracted to your energy. 

I think this topic is more dynamic & there are more factors than we think. I  particularly disagree with anyone giving concrete answers because there isn’t a yes or no or specific path to this. Psychics from all levels are all human at the end of the day & have their own opinions on this topic. Claiming to be an expert can be somewhat close minded. I would love to encourage everyone to share their experiences and knowledge so we can all learn from each other. Ive always known I'm psychic because I have had very significant experiences throughout my entire life but at the age of 31 I stopped taking drugs and meditated every day for 5 hours for 3 weeks straight and I had a profound shift in my abilities where I became fully telepathic and the occult and psychic information I have received has been mind blowing but it has also been very difficult. There are many malicious telepaths who work for the Ideological Satanists that control the built world. Anyway, another factor is age. For me it manifested in my late 20s and early 30s. Worthiness and purity of intent Because they are more aware. Some people are born with it more pronounced than others, *but* you can also either let that skill fall by the wayside **or** keep practicing so you get better at it. 


Case in point: in our family the whole legend is that "only the oldest daughter is the psychic". That's just not true. My younger sister and aunt also have psychic powers to some extent but they haven't developed them as much because of self limiting beliefs that they didn't inherit much in terms of clairsentience and clairvoyance. Also they call it "the most useless psychic power ever". My mom (also the eldest daughter) has more pronounced powers but she never developed them because she didn't know how (and also is wicked religious). 


Tl;dr: everyone has them and it doesn't matter what extra power ups you're born with if you don't spend time developing your gifts. I had a few psychic experience, especially a premonition about a co-worker's brain tumor that expressed poetically 10 days before the event. There were a few other remarkable events (see the cat events in Astral Projection in my history). I figured hey, I seem to have a gift, so started researching psi. The main thing I found that I could literally cultivate and quantify was remote viewing. I started with RV Tournament and proved that I can see the future (you concentrate on a 8-digit code & draw what comes to you, the actual photo is released next day). I'm now enrolled in an RV curriculum. The other thing that seems quantifiable is Radionics and I'm working towards that. Lastly PENDULUMS are awesome!!! It enables you to speak with your subconscious which is a direct line to the superconscious & knows all. Practically nobody communicates with their SC which is really like a conjoined twin & is where all psi comes from. Some of us are born that way In Destiny of Souls, Dr. Newton says that star seeds (alien-human hybrid souls, originating from a planet other than earth but now living on earth) usually have a greater psychic ability due to their original species in a past life reaching a higher intelligence level than most earth-originating humans have reached degree of calcification of the pineal gland and vitamin k2 deficiency. starseeds I think it has to do with empathy/ emotional intelligence… some people have lots, others don’t It’s taken you years to develop yours? Mine just dropped on me one day as if something cracked open my third eye with an ice pick! How do these things happen? Yep!  Definitely psychic, not crazy. Sorry for your loss. 

How to take control? Be patient. Practice. Be more patient.

Try this. Sit in a chair. Close your eyes. Take a deep breath. Feet flat on the floor. Hands separated and resting palms up on each thigh.

Create a grounding cord. This is a line of energy that connects your first chakra to the center of the planet. Your first chakra is a ball of energy about the size of a quarter that sits just in front of the base of your spine. Your grounding cord attaches to the bottom of that ball of energy.

Grounding makes your body feel safe, so you release energy more easily. Gravity pulls whatever you release, even your own energy, down to the center of the planet. No effort on your part. The center of the planet neutralizes the energy and returns it to whoever owns it. No karma for anyone. A virtuous cycle.

Nearly everyone goes to connect to the center of the planet the first time but stops at the soil, often making roots like a tree. This is a method that is taught in some martial arts styles, but it is not the best option for your spiritual development and healing.

So, notice the seat of your chair. Take a deep breath. Notice the distance between the seat and the floor. Now notice the distance between the floor and the soil below. Breathe.

Now notice the distance between the soil and the water table underneath. Notice the distance between the water table and the rocky mantle. Notice the distance between the mantle and the molten core below that. Deep breath.

Notice the distance between the molten core and the center of the planet. That ball of light at the very center of the planet is where you connect your grounding cord. Deep breath.

Say hello to the center of the planet. Do you get a hello back?

Notice the color and texture of your grounding cord. It may look like a line of energy, or look like something physical; a rope, a wire, a pipe, a tree trunk. Adjust it as needed to be in affinity with your body.

Getting this far means you've already released some energy from your aura and body. Now it is time to fill in the space that was created.

Create a gold sun over your head. Have it call back all of your energy from wherever you left it throughout your day and week. Work. School. Online meetings. Video games. Your fantasies about your future. Your regrets about your past. Wherever you've placed your attention. Just watch the energy come back and see if you notice where it came from.

Have the sun burn up and neutralize your energy. Then bring the sun into the top of your head. It will automatically flow into the spaces you created. Create a gauge to measure when you're full. Like a fuel gauge or oil gauge. You'll run better if you aren't a few quarts low on spiritual oil. If the gauge doesn't read "Full", bring in another gold sun.

Open your eyes, bend over and touch the floor, draining any tension from the back of your neck, then stand up, and stretch.

There is a progression with this technique. After grounding for ten minutes a day for a week or two, notice your grounding cord at the very end, while you're standing with your eyes open. Continue to ground with your eyes open and standing, and bring in another gold sun. Each day, increase the amount of time that you ground standing up with your eyes open.

After a week or two practicing this, add walking while grounded. Just notice your grounding cord as you walk. Say hello to the center of the planet while you walk. Bring in a gold sun while you walk.  If you lose your grounding cord, stop walking and recover it. If you have to, sit back down and close your eyes and create a new grounding cord.

After this, you're ready to take your grounding cord with you into your daily life. Shopping. Getting coffee. Wherever you go, you can ground. This, combined with a little amusement about seeing new things on an energy level, will keep you safe and sound.

Now that you're here, at the end of your grounding meditations, create a gold sun over your head. This time, fill it with your highest creative essence, your present time growth vibration, and your affinity for yourself. The first energy is a healing for you. The second is a healing for your body. The third is a healing for your affinity in your fourth chakra.

Bend over and touch the floor. Stand up and stretch. If you're ready for more, sit back down and ground some more. Otherwise, have a nice day!

Note that every image you imagine, the gold sun, the grounding cord, the center of the planet, your first chakra, your body parts, is exercising your clairvoyance. You may be imagining what your tailbone looks like, but you're also creating the image of your tailbone and reading its energy. This is practicing your clairvoyant ability. To answer the last question, meditation has made the biggest difference for me. I think that’s the best place to start It could be your past life. The civilization we currently live in could be rebuilding from the fall of an ancient civilization that was far beyond advance than is now. That's interesting, you went to a whole different dimension lol That very interesting maybe a vision of the future So cool :) These are energy centers that work as blueprints of building blocks. Just like a carpenter would have a blueprint to build a house. The consciousness has blueprints to create energy patterns that would fit the psychic-laws or rules. 

Just like a house can have a basement, a first floor, an attic, a yard, etc. The main consciousness can create a reality of its own with these energies. Google images [deleted] Are you expecting a lot of research evidence in one of the responses? Hey I was also having p vivid dreams while I was smoking. I've been clean for a little over a month now and the dreams just got way crazier and I can recollect many details. Highly recommend. I still miss weed sometimes but I am very proud of myself for having gotten this far and the dreams have made sobriety all the more worthwhile. And entertaining. And insightful I do.

I have no advice lol.

I just take it as it comes.

I've seen no pattern or correlation to any of them this far. I have some visions that come true I just have 2 psychic abilties dont worry about it too much. the mind serves as your interface for all phenomena—both visions seen from external objects and visions arising from internal circumstances. They just come at weird times. Ive seen visions that haven’t happened yet so idk what they symbolise I had one while driving down a busy highway once.  I was taken out of the vehicle ( obviously just in my mind) but I no longer persieved the road. Instead I was right in the midst of two visions that unfolded infront of me. 

I am not sure how long they lasted but when  I was again perceiving the road I was safe and still driving at highway speed.   If you want to discuss your visions. I am happy to listen. Feel free to message me. Just watch that’s so raven lol. She was a psychic who got visions Ever had a daydream with your eyes open? Somewhat similar, though I’ve never given another being control over the meat puppet. This is more of an active conscious mind and silencing the intellect mind to a level that certain thoughts of a certain frequency are impressed. It takes a type of conditioning. The condition is carried along with a desire to achieve the open channeling. Premonition. They're also called "precognitive." Approach spirituality as if coincidences don't exist, or very rarely. Otherwise, everything is just "coincidence" and you get into this closed-minded scientific materialism viewpoint. Your gifted❤️ This is happened to me, too. My mom also jokes about having psychic abilities sometimes lol, and I've had similar things where I have a strong feeling that ends up being true, even if there is evidence against it until it happens, or in my dreams I will have premonitions or remember signfiicant details that happen IRL later. I think it's up to you to figure out what to do with this info. 

For your boyfriend, you could tell him that you had a dream and ask him to be careful. If he were to have something bad happen to him, then that warning could either help him prevent being in that situation or prevent the situation from being worse. I think of it as similar to the call of the void, that feeling that when you're standing over a rail and you think "I could jump off this right now" but you don't. Phsyiologically, this is built into human brains so that we are aware and DON'T put ourselves in danger, and this type of warning could help your boyfriend.

Personally, I had a strong dream last night that my friend and her new husband announced their divorce. I woke up in a cold sweat, tried to relax, and then fell back asleep only to have the same dream but stronger again. This morning I texted my friend to ask her how she was because I had a dream about her. I didn't tell her what the dream was because I don't want to cause unnecessary worry, but I wanted to check in with her. You could do something similar, too. Tell your boyfriend you had a worrisome dream and to be careful, no specific details unless you feel it's important to share. Same with other people, although it's harder to do this for strangers like the little boy.

Sending you love and light <3 I’ve had a similar situation aswell! I had a dream I was at work stacking a particular shelf and I woke up and thought Lol that was bizarre. Come a few weeks later I’m actually stacking that same shelf, and get déjà vu from that moment in my dream. right after that we had an armed robbery Just because someone reaches out to you, doesn’t mean you owe them a response, or even an acknowledgement, especially if they/the relationship was toxic. 

Take the control back and pre-empt it - Block them all, especially if they’re no good for you. I agree with voodoo, practice boundary setting with people who you don't vibe with. Block and walk away.  Lots of toxicity online, too. You don't... you work on setting boundaries better, and not interacting with toxic people. That's purely your fault. I’m dealing this this too, thank you for sharing!Yeah, I like what others are saying about more boundary setting and energetic cord cutting. I’m still sifting out some energetic cords that have been draining me for too long Make it stop? What you have is a gift for you to use. What you want is more control and that comes with repetition, practice and resolve. Remove the energy cords and finally move on because thoughts can reconnect you to their energy. Also it may not be YOU doing this, but THEM! Nah don’t just channel it. If you want to make it stop it’ll be hard to make it happen again. Enjoy your gift. First of, you put energy into something, it will become more present in your reality. You can't really think about people without attracting the energy of them. You better think of something else, something you want to manifest into your reality.

Now, do you really want to stop it though? I find it kinda cool the manifestation process you described, not everyone has all this manifestation power. Not saying it is good, but I don't think it is bad either. You can surely extract the sweet juices of it. 

&#x200B;

About toxic people, I don't really know how you feel about it, but sometimes people change to the better, not saying you should listen to everyone, but it is a possibility. Now, if you really want to cut these people off from your life you gotta stop putting energy in this chord. The more you think about someone, the more this someone is present in your life.  
You can try a chord cutting meditation to get rid of thos unwanted energetic chords. If your into magic/spell casting you could also try a chord cutting spell, just search for it on reddit or google, there are tons of tutorials on how to do that. Wear a veil Your comment reminds me of a time in my life when I knew there was no fully ever going back to "making it stop". This may not apply to you but thought induction(malicious telepaths placing thoughts in your head leading to a chain of thoughts you think and possible actions) is a huge thing in the world right now. How in the world do you do that? the perception of time can be altered with numerous drugs, endogenous and exogenous. dmt is naturally occurring at time of death. caffeine, for instance, dilates time in my experience. I recently had a dream on this and this is what I was told. You can. Gravity - changes time, they showed me our solar system and how the gravitational dips around the planets bend light and time. Then they zoomed in on my life and showed me where i had placed “gravitational weight” on my own time frame. They showed that i was spacing my memorable moments too far apart. (by years) If i needed time to slow i need to give attention to each and every moment i am thankful for throughout the day. (Be just as thankful for your morning shower as you were thankful for Graduating HS for example) and  It’s worked tbh. I can spend a whole day accomplishing seriously 500% more activities than i used too. The trick is to pay attention to the moment in front of me and be thankful for it and move forward onto the next. Without even thinking about it time has tremendously slowed. If you put your attention(focus) on an event to the future you will begin to drift towards it in an increasing time frame as well. So stay present and focus on the task and your enjoyment of the MOMENT. I'm sure some can You do it by more fully experiencing the present moment with your senses, then time slows down. If you withdraw your attention to a fantasy or less detail of your environment than time speeds up. Humans can control time perception. And humans can control body temperature . Because we’re not mature enough to handle it. Some people would abuse their power! I'm pretty sure some people can. Actually I’ve learned this ability. I’ll take out a stopwatch on my phone, hit start, and as the numbers count I’ll “play with” the interval between numbers. I haven’t done anything too crazy yet but I’ve altered my perception to make time pass ~ 20% slower and ~ 40% faster than usual Belief One could say we have been evolving to speed up time at will, but at great cost to our happiness. 

If you look in to Zen, it is all about meditating to slow down time and experience happiness in the moment. 

I once became so intensely focused that I was noticing every hair on my arms. No drugs involved.

But as soon as we are at a boring job or whatever, our instinct is to speed up time to get it over with. It's the opposite of Zen, really. If you have a job you don't like it can start to seem like the days merge together and you start to feel depressed. You can do this a little bit like getting through the work day faster by keeping busy, not looking at the clock, keeping it fun.

Time seems to slow down when you are doing something you hate. Or you are in agony. 

Certainly taking drugs can alter you perception of time alot. Research time dilation, it was proven in the Einstein era that something moving faster experiences time more quickly. Ever heard the saying 'time flies when you're having fun,' ya well you can and do experience time dilation, and you can slow time down by staring at the clock watching each second. Hi my friend! Answering your questions in “my own XP”.
Humans can. I have “slowed” the time at will in my own time/space for “quite some time” now.
Perception, “timeless”. Stopped/Slowed. 
No drugs involved. 
Haven’t tried to speed it up yet. Not needed. But I can only imagine something kind of like “Jumper” the movie. There is so much info. I believe it’s somewhat a highly vibrational state you can reach at some point. Have experienced it myself somehow but stopped trying then again is something I don’t want to right now and few other things.
We “will” evolve “at will”. Our bodies are perfect and were made for that and so much more.

Train your eyes with light. Start with a small candle in a dark room for a few minutes a day. One eye first. Then the other one. (Cover gently one with your hand). Meditate while at it. Then both eyes. Then one and the other and so on…
Focus on the flame at first, then slowly move on to the light. 
That will help with some of the “current” eye’s diseases as well. 
But for starters, drink “tons” of water to start up the engine and cleansen it.
Hope to be of help. Love. Some shaman can do this. I have been trained in it, but it is not easy. Same goes for seeing in the dark, which is a little easier to do and only took about 10 years training. A common example you’re kind of describing is what you experience during an adrenaline spike, alters the perception and experience of time. You can definitely experience time faster or slower at will in a few different situations and not just with ‘recreational drugs’. Meditation and flow states often exhibit these experiences. Having good control over the factors involved in your perception and experience of the present seems like it requires a level of discipline many people just don’t want to exert. As for evolution, seems like there’s plenty of ‘psychosocial forces’ we haven’t fully realized the potential of, the brain is still very much unknown as the full structure it already is and we’ve probably evolved the ability to do many things we aren’t fully taking advantage of They can. requires practice and mediation on the concept of time.

Time is perceptual, along with entropy. So with YouTube readings I’d be a little skeptical. Curses are not that common that I’m aware of, and if 1,000 people watch that video does mean that they all have cursed marriage? 

I’d also gather more info on the curse your MIL is speaking of. Why would they curse her family? There is a chance that it’s a scam and they’re requesting money to undo the “curse” but if they for some reason have a personal vendetta against her then maybe I’d start considering it I am also African like your husband - Ghanaian. In many African cultures black magic is practiced and is legit. I, too, watch tarot readings on youtube. even tough they are for the collective if it resonates, it resonates so trust yourself! Something is telling me that your MIL is not wanting you to be married to her son. However that is just my opinion. As someone who is aware of black magic and it’s negative affects I would HIGHLY recommend getting some kind of protection: crystals, a TRUSTED/LEGITIMATE spiritual advisor, etc…. Watch for flies.
Or weird accidents happening.
Generally speaking though a bunch of flies appearing in the house is something I've seen in a lot of practices as sign of someone sending something wrong your way. I don’t really put much stock in the mass YouTube readings to be honest. 

What I do is close my eyes and ask a question to myself, then wait for my gut to respond. If I get a bad feeling in my gut I trust it. 

There are healers you can go to for cleansing but research because there are a lot of fakes out there. Also, black candles for protection. 

At the same time, while I do believe in magic and curses… I also strongly believe in mental health. If your husband is acting irrationally, talk to him about seeing a therapist. A good culturally competent therapist will take your spiritual views into account and use a holistic approach. r/witches may know better There are many levels to this. First up there are really bad elements out there. Second, the better thing to do is find all the really good things. This honestly is the best defense. Find all the good feeling things you can and laugh and find joy in everything. This is the best defense. The second part is to be firm in your barriers and really assert yourself and your space. Know that you are the master of your life and own it. Then make it a happy fun place to be. The way those bad elements work is it instills fear and uncertainty and then the person that is affected starts to assist in the work being done. Kind of the same as a cancer patient that believes they will die from the disease. I hope this helps. So my grandma’s brother had black magic done on him in India. He was about to come to America and after his wedding he started going nuts. Like acting like a madman and doing weird shit like selling all of his belongings, spending nights outside, and just really weird things. My family didn’t know he had black magic done on him until a bit later. 

My family was very upset and prayed a lot and asked God to show them a way to heal him. His newly wedded wife was so upset and didn’t know if she should even stay with him. My grandma’s family eventually found a healer. When my grandma’s mom walked into the room, the healer immediately said please send this lady who is incredibly sad over my way. He then told them after closing his eyes that their neighbor had done black magic by putting something in my grandmas brother’s food. After he ate the food on his wedding night is when he went insane so it made sense. They did a lot of things to reverse it and it made a difference but unfortunately it left a lasting impact on his brain and he still has to take medication for his behavior to this day, but it is now where near as bad as what it was when he first got married. 

The only cure to black magic is to go to a healer and go to a church and have your whole family blessed. You also have to pray every day. 
Black magic can only be reversed by positive white energy that comes from true intentions such as connection with God or someone with good intent while healing.

Some suggestions I have are:
1. Pray everyday and have your husband pray everyday 
2. Go to a church and have a priest bless both of you. A priest who prays all the time also is a healer in a way so this is helpful.
3. Go on tiktok, YouTube, and google ways to remove black magic spell. There are sooo many helpful videos 
4. Egg cleanse - look up how to do an egg cleanse and do it 
5. Get healing crystals and healing energy elements in your home and lots of healing plants. You want to fill your space with as much positive energy as possible. 

It is going to take time so do these things for a few months. practice psychic defense- specifically cleansing of the aura and wear anything with an evil eye. black magic is extremely common- it can happen just from others thinking negative thoughts about you. and while it can be effective, staying in the light is much stronger and will always block any of that. [removed] No. Magic is not real Go to a BaBaLao If you have black magic you would sense a really huge change prior to when you guys got married and it would get worse by day. There would also be fights for just about any reason and it’s possible that if they were attempting to split y’all apart, he would be cheating. If he’s not cheating, then he’s definitely not giving you enough respect and there’s tons of tears through the marriage. Also if there’s chances you’re being recommended to a psychiatry keep in mind that’s another sign. Sometimes spells have a way of messing with peoples minds making them sensitive and angry pretty quickly. He’ll look lost mentally and isolated. He’ll want to be alone most times. There may also be issues with a job loss / financial losses or possible diseases for unknown reasons.

Try to find someone locally and see what advice they may offer or reach out to another subreddit that would help! Do they channel *through* the subconscious realm? Are they an aspect of you or past life?

Also beware that anything could be a lie or a trick to throw you off. please cleanse your pendulum and practice psychic defense before using it. before going into a session- make a statement that only those of the light can use it. i normally call out to guides, angels, and ancestors specifically. pendulum work is a form of divination that can be just as dangerous as using a ouija board when not used correctly. Talking to spirits is like talking to anyone. We don't listen to all of them without discernment.

That said, the spirits are you. The universe is one thing.

There is nothing to be afraid of.

If a man walks up to you and begins to ramble and tell you things you don't like, you probably leave right?

Spirits tell us stuff all the time. We are not obligated to listen or participate.

Follow your feelings and do as feels best. If you feel scared of this entity, this is all I am recommending you work to diminish. There is nothing to he afraid of.

🙏❤️ if it said it was a friend, how did that jive with your gut instinct? You really need to be careful when dealing g with the pendant and other things for purpose of channelling.
You need to make sure you perform a grounding exercise before you start doing anything. 
You need to train your pendant so you understand what answers you are getting.  If my pendant swings left for yes and right for no then that doesn't mean yours will be the same.  Yours could swing clockwise for yes and anticlockwise for no for example so you need to go through the motions and write down what action the pendulum takes for what question.
When you perform your grounding exercise make your intent to only speak or channel spirit with 100% pure and divine intention.  Ask for protection from your spirit guides and arc angel Michael.  
If you pick.up a low level entity then they probably won't give you any names and probably mess you around, ask for help with these from your guides and thank them for their time and energy then  move on make it clear they are not welcome within your energy.  It's very important you close your session properly and leave nothing open when your finished.  You will probably get random answers when your first setting out, but stick with it and remember grounding and closing your session off properly and you will develop your skill as time passes.
Practice is key 👌🏼 I totally get where you're coming from. I have those moments where I sometimes just "know" things/ how they will turn out. Then I have other moments where I have a short fleeting thought of something I want to happen/ should happen, and it ends up happening. At some point, I just thought it was pure coincidence, but after a while, I noticed the probability of the stuff happening was low, so I started noting them down. Anyway, I don't know what it means, it could just be a very rare case of coincidences lol, but I once saw a psychic and he told me that I had a form of clairvoyance where I just know things. I had never met him before and he didn't know me, and I didn't tell him anything about this, it was about 5 mins into the reading and he had no information about me whatsoever...so IDK, could be, or couldn't be... I think you need to train your mind back into a positive mind set.  When a negative thought comes in try and tell yourself that it's not what you want any more and replace it with a positive remark.  Keep doing this and you will train your thought patterns away from negative vibes ❤️ i consider my intuition a sixth sense, welcome to the club! It certainly looks like your intuition was right and your friend has shown you she is at peace now.  Practice with other things and see where it gets you as you try and develop your gift, but take comfort in knowing your friend came through to you ❤️ Hmm...🤔 Shadow people are real entities, they're from another realm. And people do have shadows but what you described isn't something that a person's shadow, the rejected not-socially-acceptable parts of them, can do.

I suppose it could be possible for someone to create a tulpa like being, and send it to spy on you? And it could appear as a shadow? Is your psychic friend open to answering more questions? It sounds like you're able to see spirits the same way I'm able to!  When did this start for you?  For me it's been as long as I can remember.  It's just really exciting to meet someone who sees spirits in the same manner!

After I took an interest in this ability and started welcoming and allowing it, the next thing to come were visions.  So basically, the spirit will let me see a memory of theirs or some event that took place in their life.  Sometimes the spirit will appear as if they are physically there; so not transparent at all.  That doesn't happen too too often though Could it be their guide?

Like, I sometimes see something similar, but as a translucent sphere/circle, that disappears when I focus on it (intentional or not). I asked my mom, who is very knowledgeable about these matters, and she told me its someone who's thinking about me/ wants to know how I'm doing, if I'm alright. Idk though, just food for thought lmao I don’t. But people see/feel spirits differently. Guides that accompany all persons. You describe this perfectly! I see the exact same thing, it started a year ago. I never knew what this was and thought it was auras but ways felt it might be something more. I see the outline of the aura but then the person is almost behind them or on their side if that makes sense? They can be in different colours like white, blue , green or purple.

Sometimes i thought am I staring at the person too long then I'm maybe seeing the outline of the person. But then the transparent human will have outlines of different hair or a beard than the person and I know for certain it's something different. Amazing that you see the same, I would love to learn more about this lol It's always funny when some one comes up with the same theory that has always existed and tries to put their own 'unique' spin on it.

Buddy old pal. The first principle of hermetics, one of the oldest philosophies in written history is, The All is Mind and the mind(personal) is apart of The All, but the mind is not The All. -Kybalion

I suggest you quit making up theories and find yourself in a bookshop with a couple real old books that provide a better description than you can with your lacking perspective. And don't get me wrong the only reason I say that is because you're guessing at ideas that have already been hypostulated publicly. There is alot you are missing, and alot you are short coming with but only because of a lack of perspective.

Like any book that documents pshycical research from the first half of the 20th century. But my personal favorite was "The Science Behind Miracles" -Max Freedom Long who documented the Hawaiian Kahunas. 

What you are trying to do is take an old thing that has already been scientifically looked at and you're trying to make yourself 'okay' with it's mere possibility. One doesn't take a biologists word for salt and just reinvent biology. You go off what we already know. Maybe they are your ancestors and you’re merely perceiving them as old people. For me the people usually express some type of mood, so maybe you’re feeling like your old, relatable Seek inside for your own answers to these questions. Only you can decipher the way you project meaning and identity on to your experiences. Maybe it's a sign you need to be more wise in your Outlook or decision making maybe.  Look at how you feel when you see them and what thoughts come to mind, try to hold the first impressions you receive as the mind quickly tries to rationalise what your seeing.
Ask yourself in your mind what does this mean and see what comes to mind Could be your ancestral spirits. You don't have to have known them in this life time/incarnation. Free will is a truth as are influence over others or consequences of choices, you could even believe that your mind is getting ready for the future instead or simply in the present, but its only what i think. I will tell you that I own three cats and they usually leave birds, snakes, lizards and the occasional rat at the entrance of my house. I think maybe some cat brought it to your house. did you check if there was any other ingredient in the rat? Have strange or unpleasant things happened to you as a result of this? A lot of times people are open to suggestion. As a hypnotist……one thing I can say is emotions increase suggestibility. You only noticed supposed actions after they told you and if you consider fear is a strong emotion it made the suggestion stick. I would block the person immediately and say to myself the words and actions of others have no effect on me….and I am healthy. I am happy…etc I completely echo what u/davidle3 said. 

The power of suggestion is extremely powerful. And as a long practising witch, I can honestly tell you that casting spells to harm others takes an awful lot more than that. You haven’t been cursed or hexes, but the suggestion was put to you that you had and now your brain is making connections and assumptions to validate that belief. Block this person, what they’re doing is childish at best. You don’t owe them a thing and you don’t need to be afraid, you’re absolutely fine. Block and forget them. Yes, that is your energy body.

You moved your assemblage point ("AP").

;-) Was your eyes opened or closed. I usually close my eyes while meditating and I see weird colors and like the darkness behind my eyes has depth to it. Most humans have auras that are blueish like that! Instead of blocking out energy or “shielding yourself” a wise human once told me to work on separating which emotions are yours and which aren’t. Sometimes you know, sometimes it’s harder to distinguish, but the trick is to take that energy and instead of processing the emotion AS your own, use it for something as you would with your own emotions. You have the gift (and all superpowers can also be curses depending on how you use it) of energy. Energy likes you. Use it for something good. 

For ex use your dads bad mood energy to either create something useful or use YOUR energy to override (or help if u want) his mood instead of using his energy to override yours. 

Hope this makes sense! You’ll get the hang of it :) and it won’t be such a curse to you when you do! Blocking others energy out is necessary in certain situations when it’s not the right time to use your fun superpower, but other times, try and actually use it! And then even just walking into a room will change the whole vibe as well as how people feel..aka literally lighting up the room with your energy! You need to learn how to [ground, center, and shield](https://aflourishingsoul.com/complete-guide-grounding-centering-shielding/).  They're psychic and energy techniques that should be practiced together (at the same time).  Doing this will give you a "buffer" to not feel other people's feelings so directly.  Part of you may still be aware that over there someone is upset, but you won't need to run that emotional energy through your own system. As I’ve gotten older I allow fewer opportunities for disruption. Crowds can overwhelm.  Enjoy your youth, but if the crowds take too much shielding, you may find you want to use your energies elsewhere. We have an article in the sub WIKI about meditation that covers blocking and shielding too, essential self-care for anyone IMHO. See if that helps? 

https://www.reddit.com/r/Psychic/wiki/index/faq?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf While there are some drawbacks to being an empath. There are also positive aspects. 
Hang out with positive people and you'll find their energy will pick you up.
Go to concerts where they play the type of music you like. That will uplift you. Crowds with high positive energy are beneficial so personal development seminars or spiritual groups.

Sometimes you can transmute energy to make it more palatable for you or simply to neutralize it.
This is an additional tool besides grounding, centering and shielding. Use a shield. You said you are young and this is can be a hard time for empaths because you get bombarded. When I was young I started using a projected image of a bright shining gold cross.  I would visualize it in my mind and push it out in front of me.  It helped to keep negative energies away. 

My sister, also an empath uses a thick bubble of air.  It can be whatever you like and whatever you can put your own energy into to work as a shield.  

It gets easier with time,  but I remember being young and feeling everyone around me, their feelings knowing they weren't mine bur still experiencing them.  I feel for you,  but empathy is a good gift to have and I think becoming rarer in this world.

Keep developing it. Drink up lmao. Tbh 🍺🍺🍺 RESPONSIBLY THOUGH. Eat junk food. Watch violent movies. Focus on money. Watch influencers on instagram. Be nasty to people. Be selfish. Focus in your appearance. Drink alcohol excessively. Avoid going into nature. IME you can't really stop being psychic but you can buffer yourself so you aren't projecting your energy.  You need to looking into shielding practices (grounding, centering, and shielding).  


Also, it sounds like you have a lot of anxiety about other people and how they think about you.  How other people is really not your problem.  You may want to look into various ways to address your anxiety and build up your boundaries.  Don't take responsibility for how other people feel. Is it possible that people are sending you texts to check in because you’re projecting anxiety and insecurity? Projecting is not the same as sending telepathic thoughts, but other people 100% feel it, it’s a part of our social structure, but it’s not necessarily a healthy practice. If you’re grounded and secure in yourself then other people will pick up on that and start responding to you in those ways, but if they sense anxiety and insecurity it’s only natural for them to ask if you’re okay. have been there.. recently I got that feeling when someone was dead.. they are not so close but I remembered them .. then I got a call that she passed away.. I was terrified and felt numb.. I didn't feel nothing.. I accepted the gift So you keep having this feeling and then people end up dying? Mt grandmother told me that this would be the last time I saw her alive. I tried to make it back up there. When I got in town,  she passed away from COVID-19 and no visitors allowed. 

My aunt had never told me she loved me but the very last time I saw her, she was walking out of my room and paused, looked at me and told me she loved me. 

2 people I know knew they were going to die hours before they did. I think, depending on your connection to the cosmos,  people can feel something is going to happen.. It always rains on them days for me I started noticing it when the first person passed for me at a young age..... something extremely weird happen with one my friends I was at work and I stopped in my steps and felt different I can't explain it  but I was worried and confused but I knew something was wrong I was on here and tryin figure out this app and boom my friend I put so much into as she did me was missing idk when I was worried when I stopped she did flash every possible person that feeling was different all I can remember is ILOVE YOU moe I experience the exact same thing! 

It’s bizarre but I understand completely, it’s exactly as you said it - that overwhelming gut feeling you’ll never see that person again. Not a dress, not a bad feeling, not a knowing they’re going to pass (although after it happening a few times, you KNOW that’s what it means) not a when, or how, you just know. 

I can’t offer much advice except to say to listen to it. I don’t know when, or how but it’s happened enough now for me to know what it means. I can’t warn them, I mean warn them of what exactly?! so now I take the opportunity I was given just to tell them how much they mean to me, that I appreciate them and I love them. With some people it’s been days before they pass, but others it’s been a few weeks. Either way, I haven’t ever seen them again after I’ve had that insight, so I’ve made that last meeting a good one. It’s all you really can do. I experience this, too. It sounds like you’re tapped into that current. Ever consider psychopomp work? Maybe your state of least resistance and manner of processing export from the information you get is just unfamiliar and uncommon? Okay.... when I began channeling my guides as a teen, the same things happened to me,  and I feel that is pretty normal when starting out.  As I have grown older, instead of concentrating on my closed eyes, I moved my focus up to my third eye, and that really helped with the eye fatigue and jumping.  Feel the energy entering your third eye and exiting through the base of your skull.

Also, I strongly suggest that you ask specifically to speak to your guides, rather than a random benevolent being.  Your guides are there for YOU, and once you get familiar with them, bring them through before you channel other beings.  They will act as a buffer between you and beings that might not have good intentions. I’m a musician and writing music is a form of channeling. I always see it as a sort of crowded moving sidewalk. There’s lots of people on the sidewalk and you have to not only figure out how to safely jump onto the moving sidewalk but you also have to learn how to balance and stay on the moving sidewalk. I’ve found that ritual is the easiest way to get on board. Beyond that it’s a matter of practice and learning how to manage the physical aspects of your body whether that’s writing, playing music etc. while channeling. I used to mess up recordings all the time because when I would come out of channeling I would be disoriented and not know where I was in the song. After years of practice, now I can move in and out of channeling without skipping a beat. This stuff takes time so be patient and keep practicing! I think it kind of starts off like that. Channeling kind of reminds me of a muscle. I was only better at it than when I continue to practice. And now I can do it pretty much anywhere at any time. But when I first started out over 15 years ago it was definitely a harder thing to do. It sounds like you might be getting nervous or anxious which might lead to losing contact. You would probably need to work on that. Synchronicity is a very trippy and real thing. Because all humans are born with psychic ability some are more meant for it than others and they have more natural ability and that's you. I'm not sure that would be precognition but things in the world are working the same as they always have you're just more psychically awake now. It's a natural inevitable process, part of your soul's evolution I think. Precognition There's no such thing as reality. We’re just all evolving as one. Normal. It might take a bit to get used to, but you will. I have flash visions of the future. It’s instantaneous. I’m somewhere else (or sometimes in the exact same spot, but ahead in time). I don’t even realize what’s going on until I come back into normal time, similar to falling asleep, and dreaming, except I’m standing up. They have come to pass before. I don’t know if all of them are this lifetime kind of things. Based on one I’ve had in particular, I hope not. Hang in there. Well hopefully that’s not a vision of the future! Lol

This sounds like your minds way of processing the intense emotions of a situation that is too overwhelming for just your body to process. It sounds like you had an intense emotional fear of what could happen that was instantly triggered when roe was overturned. 

So when there’s too much info for your mind to process at a normal rate and too many complex emotions for your body to process at a normal rate and they’re happening at the same time, sporadic glimpses of both informations coming together may be your minds way of processing info double time while also keeping you relatively sane.

In psych, they may assume that this is a hallucination, but these types of hallucinations are necessary for your mind and body to stay in sync when it comes to info and emotions.

Your body’s physical responses (sweating, smelling the smoke) is 100% typical in a hallucination or, “vision.” Buddhists are able to lower their body temperature for example if they are that in tune with their mind..kind of like switching to a temporary conscious way of communicating with your body. It’s usually mastered by years of mediation, but it seems like you are an Empath who is able to jump into situations that your mind comes up with as a way of processing info and emotions (how u feel) which comes to life for you through ur senses.

Why? Bc your body and mind need an outlet for these things. Information overload can spark this glimpse or vision. Now whether it’s actually the future? Guess we’ll wait and find out. You may have some sort of ESP happening in there that is preparing you for something LIKE that, but most likely it’s not exactly the vision you saw or consciously experienced. But usually, something even if it’s just the emotion the vision was based on, tends to be a prediction that comes true ha go with the flow <3 i learned from a tarot teader, anxiety is usually a repetitive thought and a stressful kinda intimidating thought. intuition is a peaceful inner voice that is hear to guide you, so it’s a clear calm voice. so anxiety makes you anxious, your inner voice does not I've heard the saying "anxiety screams, intuition whispers".  Obviously not applicable in all scenarios but I try to keep it in mind. What I do when in doubt,  I breathe deeply,  get as relaxed as I can without fully meditating,  and if I still feel it, it's intuition. 

Anxiety is caused by stress,fears,etc... when you relax enough,  you shouldn't feel anxious. Your intuition is light tap on the door, and your anxiety/fear is a bang on the door For me, intuition feels 'complete' while anxiety feels like I have to think about it more than twice. Intuition you just know it without knowing why you know it, even if there's anxiety involved. While anxiety you're not sure if you know, you have to guess if you know it, or not. It sounds like your intuition is causing you anxiety merely from overthinking it. You’re sending signals telling your body that your intuition is a danger. Try working on calming your anxiety first and foremost before delving deeper in intuition building. This would include, shadow work, talk therapy, adjust diet, getting grounded / centered in your body with exercise. For me, by practicing mindfulness meditation. You learn to hear the difference in "pitch" of your inner voice/monologue. It did not happen overnight for me. My inner anxiety voice tends to be in first person. My intuition voice is in second or third person, more observational, and much quieter. When I ignore anxiety voice, consequences are generally neutral or non existent. When I ignore intuition voice, consequences are generally negative. Anxiety is draining. Like it exhausts you. Intuition is more of a “knowing”. 

I’ve been asking myself that exact question myself for months now. I’m only just getting it too. Fear is restrictive. It's a what if. It's a negotiation. It's control oriented. It's rooted in the past or future. Think root Chakra/ tribe rules. Anxiety keeps you safe in comfort. Talks at you in warning. 

Intuition is expansion. A binary yes/ no. Stay/ go. Freedom. Truth in the present moment. Consistent knowing. Intuition tells you to move 1 step forward. Talks with you in assurance. From my perspective:

I've found that when I'm anxious, my thoughts feel intrusive, almost cruel. And they nag. They don't stop. I can feel it in my whole body -- my chest, my tummy will turn over, I'll even shake. Something I've learned greatly over the last couple of years is that even seemingly "good" events or thoughts will cause these reactions -- it feels like an adrenaline rush, but it doesn't stop. When the event passes, I feel so work out physically, even if the outcome turns in my favor. 

Anxiety is bred from fear, both subconscious and conscious; both acknowledged and unacknowledged.

When it's intuition, it's less of a thought and more of sense of radical acceptance, suddenly and without preempt. I don't have to argue with the notion, it just *is* -- the same way water is just wet, the way fire is hot, the way the sky is blue, the way rain falls from clouds. As a species, we now know why those things exist the way they do, but before the phenomena was understood, it was simply accepted as *is*. I don't feel the negative physical affects in my physical body, but I do feel a something -- like that sense of giving in, or even the relief you would have when you're very tired and lean up against something stable and sturdy. 

Intuition is knowing without having been given or found the knowledge. 

That being said, there are times where they can feel eerily similar, but for me, the trick is to clear your mind.  If I can do so fairly easily, and without negative bodily effects I trust it as intuition, but if my central nervous system has no chill, it's anxiety and I need to find the root so I can understand why I'm having an internal meltdown. Physically you feel anxiety in your head, and intuition in your gut. Anxiety is rooted in fear and trusting our guts is scary, so, honestly, you’re probably feeling both. The magic happens when you’re able to overcome the anxiety, trust your intuition and fall into flow. Our intuition doesn’t always sound rational so our rational mind will panic if you’re not ready to go there. I heard before that anxiety often speaks to you in a form it’s addressing you, as in “You are awful and no one likes you” whereas intuition speaks more objectively as in “This situation is dangerous” or “That person is not safe.” The only truth I can speak to that is my own; when I actually listen to the thoughts closely it is indeed actually how it sounds. Intuition speaks to the situation, anxiety puts you at the centre or cause of it. i kinda use all of it as a chance to manifest whichever things i do want to happen and almost willing the bad things into remaining simply anxieties that never come to physicality Man talk about a shot in the dark. Dunno why you're asking anyone here 😂

No one here will be able to answer your question very well, I hate to say it, but with intuition it really comes down to practice and observation.

You'll never know if a dream win come true until it does!

I'd say try to meditate more to get yourself more aware of your surroundings and other than that good luck and pay close attention to your gut feelings and if they end up being true or not Intuition is a less severe emotion, anxiety feels so heavy, so when I feel like I’m losing control of my body I know it’s anxiety because it’s too intense and dark. 

Intuition feels lighter, more fun, more interesting, more dreamy. It’s a more pleasant feeling. Like waiting to get on your favorite ride at Disney. I like to differentiate them like I would textures that I can physically feel. Intuition feels to me like a solid piece of tree bark in my hands; kind of rough, but unique and just is. In comparison, anxiety feels like trying to give a squirrel a bath, that absolutely doesn't want a bath. For me they feel different. I have anxiety going into a bad situation. Feels like butterflies in my stomach. My intuition telling me something is wrong feels like electricity going from my head to my toes, making the hair on my neck and arms stand up straight. 

I'm probably not explaining well, but they have two very different feelings for me. Because intuition just comes to you,  like being already "known" and there is no anxiety behind it. I get premonition grieving, I hate it it is disgusting and I cannot switch it off, I never know who it is going to be I have to sit it out. I do everything in my power not to think about it and it will not go away. Sorry to storm. your post but do you/does anyone know of how I can get rid of it any techniques. I have it now. I cannot live my life like this anymore, it's disturbing. Thank you for this discussion. I have often wondered about the same things. Anxiety is fear based and our divine intuition is love based. My anxiety and my intuition ( gut feeling ) are definitely connected I have reoccurring déjà vu I can dream about a person that will some time soon I will meet, once in that moment I am just some how already recognize the present moment . Anxiety starts in the mind, intuition starts in the body. Stop thinking about the people around you. You send them a message and you make them think of you. Not thinking frees both you and those around you. In this way, you will not be sleep deprived, and so will those around you. We have a few articles in the sub WIKI that may help! 

This one is from the FAQ. It starts by talking about meditation (including cleansing, blocking & shielding) then talks about how to meet your spirit guides for beginners.

https://www.reddit.com/r/Psychic/wiki/index/faq?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf

The other articles is from the ‘best of’ section, but is another on how to meet your guides. 

https://www.reddit.com/r/Psychic/comments/76lobf/how_to_contact_your_spirit_guide/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf

Hope they help some Read the seven types of spirit guides by Yamile Yemoonyah. You can ask your guide to step into your auric field during a meditation and feel their energy. Step 1: get some foil

Step 2: you’re going to need exactly 5 sheets of paper

Step 3: origami fold the one piece of paper into a boat

Step 4…

Step 37: after you have completed the fire ritual then proceed to repeat steps 7-12 and then go to step 38.

Step 38…

Jk

In the spirit world it should be enough to focus the mind on something and they will get the call. Just talk to yourself, it’s the same thing. The voice you hear inside of you is you. There is a lot to learn.  <3 i would recommend these to start your learning journey:
Bian Weiss -> youll learn about the spirituality In a modern world
Helen wambach -> she's out of print. But if you can get life before life you ll learn more about reincarnation and life choices
Robert Monroe ->now we get to training.  There are many records uploaded on his obe season from the Monroe institute, so they are free to download anda great way to start.
Lobsang rampa -> these have knowledge a bit more hidden but they are there 

The hardest thing i have found of being an empath is to control strong feelings not yours.  All the negative feelings are strong and hard to control.  In my case, my father was also a violent man so i "have that bug" and that makes me easier to snap with them. 

However equally negative is sadness, desperation, depression etc Do your ground center and shield? Youtube can teach all three. Then do a practice while shielding and grounding. After sending your energy to the earth's core and calling it back up. do this. Pause the energy at each chakra. Begin at the root chakra and move up to the sacral, etc. 
Feel the energy of the chakra expand and let it spin. As each chakra spins, and the light in it and energy in it expands, observe it. A blocked chakra will not expand and open. So when you reach a blocked one, you will notice it does not expand it tries to remain smaller. Spend extra time pulling energy into that chakra. 

Know it may not work the first time. So move on up if there is resistance.

Depending on the reasons for the blockage inner child work may be needed. For example, I had a terrible block in my heart chakra where we store our grief. Work had to be done to release and heal that chakra.

We store worry in our root chakra, sexual trauma on our sacral chakras and etc.

Be patient. It happens over time, through confronting and healing that inner child in each area.

You may notice a popping sensation and a sound when the chakra first opens again, and a sense of joy that follows.

Some spiritual people recommend decalcifying your pineal gland with a change of diet. I can only tolerate so much in the way of dietary change myself. Veganism is not for all of us. It might help you. You can try it.

There are other things you can do. This is a place to start.

I find that doing this activity at a beach, in the actual surf, is helpful to me. It is the salt water and the grounding that I find of great use. If you know you’ve had past traumas then start there. When you begin a trauma healing journey your senses will wake up the more and more you heal. Getting in touch with yourself and being open and *honest* with yourself opens the third eye. [removed] "Am I crazy?" is a natural question for psychic input.   In particular, it is the Pineal gland / third eye that interprets things we feel yet cannot see.

You might find some reassurance studying chakras, remote viewing, and remote healing.  All of these things are known to exist, and have been duplicated by many people.  The CIA, Military, and Police have all been known to use a method called controlled remote viewing.

No, I don't think you are crazy. Hi there, I was you at one time! I’m turning 25 this year, but I was once the 16 year old girl who questioned my reality. 

Number one, you aren’t crazy! Believe yourself when you receive these messages. You already have the evidence to back it up. 

I saw you said you need help, so number two (my biggest piece of advice to you) is learning how to turn the dial up and down, how to turn it off, and how to shield yourself from unwanted messages. 

There’s a ton online that can help you, but a quick practice that I use is this: I start by closing my eyes and telling spirit that I’m not available right now. Then, I imagine slamming a door shut and locking up multiple industrial locks on the door with a key. Sometimes this works once, sometimes I have to do it a few times/shut multiple imaginary doors until I feel the messages turning off. Alternatively, I do the inverse when I’m ready to turn it back on. 

Hope this offers some guidance and helps to tackle your intuitive gifts a bit. Much love. Sorry, I just need help Not crazy at all. Just gifted. Try adopting a meditation practice! It can help you work on your gifts. And if you ever feel overwhelmed or anxious from it, practice grounding or channel your root chakra. Not crazy at all. Learn your gift and how to protect yourself. We are all as unique as our fingerprints and so are our gifts. You're absolutely not crazy. I find its a very normal (and regular) question I ask myself. A small dose of skepticism is healthy, in my book, because sometimes things that have happened really could just be mundane. However, your experience with your best mate sounds the opposite of mundane, and very interesting. 

You can probably practice that with people if you want (and they are okay with it), it sounds like you have an amazing talent there. And again, no, you're not crazy. Best of luck OP. I predict stuff without knowing, I start doing a vengeful thing, but I stop at the middle , because of regrets( I’m doing wrong thing), but at the end people still kill me, and I do regret that I didn’t listen to my instinct. 

Yes we can blame our 3 rd eye, because we can’t have a clear view of the things, meditation, self education, calm and correct breathing. Will make you’re “instinct” be more clear and wise. Only people who call you crazy are crazy. You are gifted, and it only gets better from here. I won’t say that it’s an easy journey having these abilities, as I am on the same path. But it’s a very eye-opening journey and it’s a lot of fun. You get to see things that a lot of people close themselves off too. This is truly a gift. Never think of it as a burden, this gift is here to help you grow and help other people. You should be proud of yourself for not shutting yourself off completely to it. Professional Reader here. Totally normal. **NOT** crazy. Empathic and Claircognizant would be my guess. Claircogs can do a little of everything. 



Wait til you can hear people's thoughts in their heads. That shit will trip you the fuck out first few times. Lol



Congrats! I would also like to mention that, IMHO it's always important a strong set of beliefs: call or religion or belief.  So that you can't get shaken, tampered or manipulated with >the weird thing was like i could almost turn on and off this “ringing tuning up a radio sound” i could also feel it in my ears turning on and off

I'm a lifelong skeptic/physicalist who started earnestly exploring spirituality about a year ago, and this year, for the first time in my life, I've been experiencing the radio static thing too. Very infrequently, but it has already led to a near-OBE for me on one occasion.

Interestingly, the last couple of times it's happened, I've also been able to switch it on and off. It's fascinating! It only ever happens to me first thing in the morning if I get the chance to start drifting back off to sleep (which, as the mum of a toddler, I don't get very often!). But it definitely sounds like we're both experiencing the same phenomenon! I’ve been having these too! With the spirituality- I believe that there’s a greater power out there and I’d like to help the people around me and find peace. Good luck to you! It sounds like you’re clairaudient, you can probably also do automatic writing since your hand was vibrating.

Research these two abilities and give yourself some time to learn. Good luck with your communications It's entities communicating with you. They use the ringing to tell you you're not losing your mind or get your attention. Try asking who they are. You don't need to speak out loud. You're experiencing them speaking to you through telepathy.  Sometimes headphones with music on can help differentiate the telepathy from auditory sounds. Just wait until you can hear the rotation of the earth, then go listen to space recordings of it.. it's a trip.

Welcome to the world of extra-sensory 😅 recently i’ve had this, everyday almost every moment. but the other stranger thing i’ve noticed is the amount of people that are experiencing the same thing. as ir it were an awakening of some sort. oor something else, like 5G towers or the vax. im 100% sure its spiritual tho because each time i get to control the ringing and frequency of it, i feel and see a presence around me. like a spirit. anyone else?? Yes the radio omg it’s annoying. Coincidentally, I just awkwardly told my group of cousins that their father (my 1st cousin) had made it through. Awkward because he passed away by suicide in 2015… but I wanted to tell them because I was so proud. 

I’ll try (so hard) not to ramble, but about *20* years ago I saw a Medium and we ended the session because we weren’t connecting. I couldn’t bridge who he was possibly talking about.. a man with two young girls, a new wife, takes his life and is “not in hell, but essentially stuck in the coat room outside heaven.. like a big party is going on but they’re in time out under the staircase” (o..k, wtf?) Anyway, this and many other examples fell flat regardless of how detailed he was… because he was reading the future spirit of people still alive!

As whacked as that is, his example made a lot of sense to the same thing you’re saying and the same way I’ve parted with energies too. In making my own connections, I would communicate with him from a different place than those ‘above’. It was as if he was in the next room. Then he was gone - and I blamed myself for being too busy/stressed, etc. There was silence for about three weeks, until my uncle passed away at 95. His brilliant turquoise energy was ‘up’ and dancing around the same day he passed (which was weird and strange for me!) and after a few days I asked him to check on my cousin. As if he was the same old uncle hiding a quarter behind a kids ear, the blue light faded before bursting back alongside a leaf-green fireworks, a color I hadn’t seen before. (If you’re still reading, I have a normal life and job and recognize how insane I sound). I knew immediately that it was my cousin. The bursts of light were the such an undeniable presence. I looked around, rubbed my eyes, cried, and it went on for 30 minutes. I don’t have a ton of stories like this, I’d say it’s in my top 5 of “holy shit this is really happening, huh?” 

I had hardly a fraction of that level of connection since March, and in a way, has reinforced the idea that it was salute of sorts. Like hey, thanks for the thoughts and prayers, I made it. (lol) Thinking of something sounds very like Claircognisance. It’s certainly the way I experience it, although we’re all different. I get a random thought unconnected to whatever I was doing or thinking at the time in a very calm emotionless almost matter of fact way, Sounds like dream precognition. I have a different question do you have masters or spiritual guides? I talk to mine sometimes in my dreams. someone recommended me this on this sub last week.. i have the same issue and i want to try to get more in touch with my abilities and have heard meditation works wonders but being anxious too is hard for me to put it in practice and wanted tips on how to do it.

“i would recommend mindfulness meditation to start. it seems like one of the harder ones but it was the most influential in my experience. essentially set a timer, start for say 3 minutes, and practice sitting in silence watching your thoughts. the goal is to watch your thoughts- try not to dive into them or start thinking about them. detach from them. let them pass. listen to what’s happening around you. feel yourself breath. be as present as possible. if you find yourself latching onto a thought and thinking about something, simply let it go and come back to the present. it can be hard at first and feel very uneasy, but doing this daily will quite literally change your life. the awareness you gain from this meditation allows you to feel, see, and hear psychic messages more often and more clearly. try it for at least a week and see if letting your thoughts pass without latching onto them gets easier. if so, up your time. if not, lmk and i’ll give you some other tips.” You need rituals/a ritual that will give you:
- grounding
- protection
- charging

Find or create one that resonates with you and aim to do it everyday. 

You also need a systematic way to explain and understand the experiences you are having. Do you believe the soul is part of the self or seperate? Do you believe the future is determined or flexible? Do you think these messages come from an outside source or an internal one? Answering these questions then testing them will give you more confidence in what you are experiencing. 

I'd also suggest therapy or another sort of mental health service to work on any traumas if you feel you have any buried deep within. Trauma is like sticky gunk on a tuning fork, a small amount is okay but even a little can lower your vibration and effect the clarity of what you receive. Clearing trauma is always advised in psychic work. Could be a mix of both. Not unusual. Most importantly I hope you learned to shield and set boundaries. Don’t automatically obey every spirit who talks to you. It’s ok to defy them. My intuition comes in as my thoughts. I have the same thing happen where I'll wake up, and I'll just know, and I'll think "Someone's about to knock on the door, they're coming in."

I think its like, we receieve divine knowledge from a higher power, and we translate it into our thoughts. Do you trust the voice? Does it make you feel scared? 

I've learned to seperate all my thoughts, good and bad. If there was a negative entity speaking to me, I'd know right away it was negative and those thoughts would get sent straight to the junk bin. But 9 times out 10, it is in fact just my higher self. I’ve had this same thing happen only a few times. It’s a voice in my head that is not mine. I’ve felt like each time it’s been my spirit guide. It happened the moment I got pregnant, I heard “your life is going to change forever”. Looking back it did, I ended up going through a rare diagnosis and miscarriage at 14 weeks. Before going into the hospital I was worked up and really nervous. I heard in my head 3 different times “you need to be brave” and it actually calmed me down. I could tell this was not coming from me. Strangest sensation… If you haven't been doing work to connect with your guides, it may be time to start that.  Most of the time I approach them to talk, in meditation and occasionally in dreams, but every once in a while they do get on the internal PA system like this.  Particularly with that "don't get up", if I heard that it would probably mean I was right on the edge of the appropriate meditative state to connect and communicate but my ADHD's got me popping up out of it to do some random thing. You can be both actually. I know some pretty neurotic psychics lol. We are only human. Perhaps you can try meditation to achieve a calmer state. Deep breathing exercises may help too. When you are able to control your anxiety and frustration you should be able to hear your intuition better. I think we are all psychic, to varying degrees. It's more a matter of recognizing and analyzing those messages for keys and then having confidence in the message. I've had psychic experiences my entire life.  Mostly in the form of prophetic dreams and I absolutely cannot control this gift. I've heard voices too but usually I wasn't able to make out words. I got to the point where I ignore the mumbling noise. It is usually so minimal that it doesn't warrant my time or emotion. I feel like your spirit guide responded while also letting you know they don't appreciate being "commanded" to do parlor tricks. Maybe next time humbly ask them for a hug 🥰❤️ I do this when I really really need it and I always feel their weight wrap around me I do not think a guide would touch you on command.  Your guides would not ever hurt you either. If anything hurt you, it could have been another type of entity. Unfortunately there isn't good without the bad. 

I suggest having a reiki session to clear stagnant energy around you and align your chakras. Then search for a guided meditation on YouTube. With practice and patience, you will be able to communicate with the other side. I would say to start with trying to communicate with your spirit animal totem to start. They are always with you. Was there anything special about your sitting/laying position? Could this have been caused one way or another? Where was your mental focus? Was your mind in your hand as you asked certain things? I can make myself ache with certain thoughts. You've been smote for your wickedness. Your guides are evil and that arm will rot and eventually fall off. 

What do you people actually think??? Do you WANT to be terrorized by your higher power? So hard to tell if you people aren't trolling.

Your arm was probably completely unrelated. Your guides won't interact on the physical plane, you have to BELIEVE, and LISTEN that's the point. They probably don't appreciate being commanded to touch you, that's weird. The first one is a healer, plain and simple, but that's not really how things work ... unless that's how you want to play it.  I can't say you won't have some unexpected repercussions from it.  You do you.

The second is what every person practicing with these energies should be doing, which is to create wards and/or shields.  

Being a healer is more "specialized," so to speak, but only because to be extremely efficient and effective, you need a long time to develop the skills.  I don't mean necessarily in one lifetime but rather in real terms.  A person who is a highly skilled healer has developed those skills on a path as part of their soul development. 

It appears that you're thinking about becoming a sort of paranormal dynamic duo, am I right? 

Resources can be found within.  You have to learn what's there before you go anywhere outside. It's called being a "projective Empath".  It's not rare but not as common as receptive empathic ability. What you describe as the opposite of an empath, is exactly how I experience empathy. I don't just "absorb" the energy, I *transmute* it and send it back as light. 


As for the ability to expand your energy outward in a protective way, I'm not sure it's a separate ability. I've only experienced this a few times, but it only happens when I am in immediate danger and I seem to do it automatically without any need for effort. It's like my energy pushes outward from me in all directions and NOTHING can enter it. Almost like an impenetrable force field around yourself. You can pull another being directly into this field, for their protection as well. Each time I have done this outward push of energy, I have felt compelled to get the eff out of dodge immediately after. To me, it feels more like an escape method, not a battle method. Wow! I sure wish I were YOU.
F! I'd LOVE to be you! 
🤯😭🤯🫂🤯😭🤯❗❗❗❗❗❗❗

Well, I HAVE heard of this, and it HAD a name, but this was like back in the 80's when I was a little kid and it was from entertainment; so as for complete correctness, not so much I figure.

I gotta ask how did this happen? Were you BORN like this, Meditate your way into this? Have an NDE or something? Honestly you could be! I’m not sure if you’ve heard of this term, but it seems like you’re having prophetic dreams. I tend to get them once in a blue moon, but definitely start keeping a dream journal and writing down these dreams, that’s what I do There's a funny concept in Kdramas, which may or may not be part of their culture (I have no idea) that your ancestors can send you those winning lottery numbers.  See Mystic Pop-up Bar on Netflix.  It was amusing.

Start meditating and keeping a journal of these things.  I wish I had but I'm now four decades in and haven't got the patience for such things.  Fortunately, I'm blessed with a rather great memory so it's only a loss if I should be asked for proof.  Fortunately again, I don't care to prove anything to anyone else. It's just this innate, certain feeling. Hard to describe. You just know. But if you are confused or have doubts then that's not your intuition. It's a conviction. [deleted] i get a hunch then read body language and think and then get this gut feeling like something isn’t right or i get this moon energy like theres things that haven’t been revealed yet It feels like clarity, like clean water. 
Sometimes I feel it in my fingers. I'll get a pain and know. 
Other times I think a spirit is screaming at me "No" and I hear it. I feel it as a counter/clockwise flow of movement in my heart chakra Body. Yes makes my heart beat faster, no feels like a void. Like an epiphany the vast majority of the time. The answer 'pops' into my mind and I'm instantly sure of its correctness. 

I have at times, also had a physical sensation right above my left ear. Thanks for sharing, guys! 💕 The feeling I get for confirmation is  a“ stop you in your tracks” feeling. It’s almost as if a cop is saying stop right there & you stop. I also am clairaudient, so I can hear yes or no from spirit or my guides. But they also show me the  “why” part as well. The “why” is followed by a message or a visual for me. 

For instance, if someone asks “Will my ex-boyfriend come back?”
I will hear a “No” & then feel a sensation that’s a gut feeling or the “stop you in track feeling” to confirm the  “No”. I will ask “yes” & I will hear “No” again and that gut feeling comes back again to confirm. 

After that, the reason why will appear and I will get a vision of the situation or spirit says something and I also feel the emotions of the people while the vision or message is being given to me simultaneously. Now I’m insanely curious…what is this thing Are you looking for someone to take it off your hands anywhere ? Or are you just looking for recommendations of occult museums that can take it of your hands that aren’t overseas? If it has specific cultural significance maybe even a history museum may look after it In my experience any psychic I have gone to has told me that their reading is what will happen IF I continue on the same path, making the same choices, don’t change anything, etc. Our actions have consequences. I think this was more of a warning to your boyfriend that he needs to take his physical and mental health seriously and work on figuring out those issues. I think him choosing to ignore these issues is the current path he is on that will lead him to this “early death”. The outcome is not set in stone depending on the action he takes. Of course that is just my opinion and my belief on the way predictions work but it’s something I’ve heard from others with that gift as well. On a side note I think it was pretty shitty of that lady to word it so terribly bluntly and could have just warned him of his health. My sister got a psychic reading almost two years ago that said she would be in a car accident, in April 2022. That would've been last month. Guess who's just fine. Lol.

Don't ever let anyone project death or major illness, onto you. That's no good psychic. That's someone who needs to learn to see brightness in their own future. Sounds like this person has some pretty poor boundaries. I'm sorry your boyfriend is going through it. You, too. Pretty fucked up, in my opinion! Pardon the language. Can't say I'm crazy about your friend's mother. Once boundaries got out the window, you can't trust a thing that a person says.

Source: Someone who has given psychic readings for years, and has met many, many talented, ethical readers :\^) I've also met some people with terrible boundaries, jeez, who I wouldn't recommend to anybody... Definitely consult a medical doctor but I also recommend seeing a skilled reiki / quantum healer to address the "pain" on an energetic plane. All things, as vibration, exist in more subtle dimensions before they manifest in 3D. This is very general advice so please take w a grain of salt. But if he were to address this immediately (!) there could be progress to be made. 

Emotional healing is a very personal process so it would have to be entirely his choice. Considering he came into this world as a young child with the pain you describe, it's likely that his soul has carried it from past incarnations. It's imperative to understand that should he ignore the emotional work that needs to be addressed, it will only follow him into the next incarnation. But again, at the end of the day it is his decision. 

Everybody should learn to grow comfortable w the notion of death. Whether through a creeping illness or a sudden accident it's a fate we will all meet. We came here as souls and will leave as souls. 

The nature of love (or God) is unconditional and everlasting - it transcends space and time. It is infinitely more powerful than the fleeting fear and pain we experience during our time here. Find your peace, flow, release, forgive, and heal No tarot reader or psychic can tell someone’s death. She’s misreading the signs. Relax, take a breath and consider what the message truly meant. Not a death impending.

Source: I myself have suffered in imaginable psychological pain.  Gonna try to live a happy long life. If there is a serious concern of self harm a mental health professional would be best. It can take a while to find the right method and fit but it’s better to address this sooner than later. Any psychic that sets out to do harm in this world, or tries to change the events of Source isn't worth their salt. It's egocentric behavior. I carry psychic gifts, some people hold those dark clouds but it's not my place to say anything. I'd put undue stress on the other person and allow them to engage in an endless battle with Great Spirit. I'm not going to carry that burden. I just had heart surgery on a valve. I hand been ignoring going to the doctor for 5 years, just went year ago and they confirmed a heart disease. So, yeah, go in and get checked out. Most major fatal heart problems can be fixed with about a 1% chance of fatality, which is about the same chance you will die every year. Just take him to the hospital and see what they say about his heart and then go from there Just in case get his affairs in order and go enjoy life!!! It is our duty to share when we receive a message about someone. They may not believe you completely but maybe they go to a cardiologist (in this case). When she told him, was he apprehensive/worried, or relieved? Wait did you say he’s felt this way since 6 years old! It’s obvious that he has issues that he needs to address from a past life. When issues, feelings, and thoughts from a past life or even past lives go unresolved they can be carried on in this life and it will manifest in different ways. I high highly suggest checking past life regression and going to several past life regression therapists. I know some people think it’s impossible to regress into a past life, but even if the details of the past life you are regressing are incorrect your soul is generally pretty good at tapping into past life traumas and feelings and that’s all that matters. I remember watching a video of a lady on tiktok who does past life regression and she was working with someone who experience depression for a long long time and wasn’t responding to treatment through meds and therapy. When the lady did the past life regression it helped heal her depression and so many other anxieties she had. It helped to explain trauma she experienced in this life. 

Check on mallorie shannon’s videos on tiktok. She also does remote regression. I don’t have experience with it myself but I’d love to get a reading done on myself in the future. There’s also other people who do regression. Dr. It's pretty much all interpretations of symbols, to start with.

Also if you were paying, customers generally want to hear the ex is coming back so there is some pressure to say it.  No matter that this almost never works out in real life, is generally a terrible idea, therapists hate it, and people should move forward through their lives and not backwards, it's the answer you want.  And I don't think it's just the reader BS'ing you, I think if you're sitting there desperately wanting to hear it, you're going to affect the energy of the reading, plus you're not asking the reader to read YOU exactly, you're asking them to tell you what someone else is going to do.

And that person a) isn't there contributing their energy to the reading b) has free will.  And they have their own path they're meant to walk in life that is also generally meant to go forward and not back.

Readers are doing the best they can with what they're given to work with.  It's much easier to reach information about what has already happened, and for a lot of readers the very near future is fairly attainable.  But none of us get a written-in-stone guaranteed newsfeed from the future because the future is fungible and is entangled with so so so many threads of fate and free will - including some much bigger threads than just two random people.

I always warn people that it's a bad sign if you're asking multiple readers the same query.  It's probably time to move on from that expectation and concentrate more on how you can attract the best possible relationship for you and what to look for as signposts on that path, rather than trying to find out what one specific person is going to do. The future is not set in stone, everyone involved can change the collective path based on a ton of factors. The energies right now have everyone moving very quickly too, meaning things are even more subject to change.
(As a side, my friend, who is not a practiced psychic, got a psychic gig and the first thing she was told was “if anyone asks about their ex the answer is always yes, they’re coming back”) Life is complicated and circumstances change depends on the thing that is being predicted. Predicting future changes timelines, but that doesn't mean the same events don't happen.

For example if you(accurately) predicted a tsunami, obviously that would be set in stone (you won't change the tectonic plates). Or a certain political event. Getting sick in 2 days would be pretty set (incubation period > 2 days)But in the less extreme, people who are receiving information from a psychic are given small amounts of information that may not adequately deviate from a predicted timeline. And also you don't have control over environment even with the predictions which can be problematic

In broad general (and what seems to be the case here), you can have a lot of control by knowing the probability or elements of the future and it's best to think you can choose an optimal future path.

Additionally, a lot of people have influence on the future (either by you involving them, or them having precognition or them being influenced indirectly by your deviation in the timeline) which complicates creating a set path since everyone is involved (too complicated to fully predict).

In this case it's somewhat concerning they don't have a consistent answer and aren't pointing out the level of certainty of their answers, so most of them probably don't have a good method to determine a good answer to that question (they likely aren't seeing enough nuances in the possible timelines to give an accurate answer).

And even if they get accurate info, predicting the future is something very different so the seemingly best may be wrong.

&#x200B;

Pretty much you should take the actions you think is best

Edit: formatting When you look at a picture and describe it, you may see things someone else does not.

Think of two people looking at the same picture, and the describing it to a third (you).

Now imagine if both those people have a different set of colours they can see, which changes the entire tapestry of what they are looking at. As far as I can tell, the future is fluid. Timelines can flow beside each other, cross over at certain points, run together for a bit, and then split again. Can't really know what path you're on until the important stuff happens. I've had many similar experiences - there is one psychic who I've been seeing for years who has accurately predicted numerous events in my life (with extremely accurate details, down to names), but other things he has said have never come to fruition (or haven't come to fruition, yet). It still doesn't change my opinion that he is an extremely intuitive and accurate psychic. I think what it comes down to, is that we as human beings have free will, and multiple different paths are being presented to us all the time that we can take. So if we walk down path a, we may get result a, if we walk down path b, we might get result b, and so forth. This particular psychic (and others that I know) also see some things with a higher or lower level of energy or momentum. Meaning, the possibility of one opportunity has a great amount of energy, meaning, this is more than likely to occur, whereas other opportunities sort of flow in and out of your energy field, and you can take it if you wish, but it's not something that I would necessarily consider destined to happen, more as a potential expression of free will. We are living in an eternal now and timelines are constantly changing. Those who are more connected to spirit and have a true will and awakening are harder to predict there timelines because they know how to connect with God and change it. So far, not a single one. If they’re vague, they’re not legit. And sadly, 99.999% of psychics “selling” their services are scammers. 

Just think…if they are legit, why aren’t they already millionaires? Why do they need your $50? Why don’t they know which stocks will continuously rise?

I always test psychics with things I know. No one has even been right, except one person who I just kind of ran into and they don’t sell or advertise that they’re psychic. If you follow the testing method, a legit psychic won’t be dismissive of you. First of all, if you know the future, how do you not know the present? 

Just somethings to think about. I hope you don’t fall into this psychic scamming train. I was burned years ago. Thousands of dollars in debt. You can become addicted. I, too, started reading from general curiosity. But then I took their advice and bullshit, fake visions and ruined my life. Don’t let scammers cloud your judgment. If they were real, they’d have their life in order and wouldn’t be waiting for customers all day. There's many ways people can act predatorial towards others and "extract" from their victims to seemingly enrich themselves. I would take this warning as advice to be aware of anyone that may take advantage, emotionally, socially or financially. Google New Orleans vampires there’s a huge community there. *There are actual vampires in NOLA.* 

She could also be talking about spiritual vampires (those who want to spiritually and emotionally drain you). Likely she was talking about the real ones though. As for not being able to “see” them, she may mean that they look like ordinary people passing by. As someone who lives in New Orleans, everyone is pretty open and talkative. Which is a bit of a cultural shock at first. It takes a while to learn discernment and figure out who is just trying to manipulate you. Drinking is a big thing here and that definitely fogs the vision a bit. Once I stopped drinking I had way less vampire encounters Energy suckers man .. those are the worst !!! Energy vampires. I wonder if she sensed your dynamic in your family and that aspect of you.  I feel like we can tun from one toxic situation anx it can cone up in our lives where ever we go because there is something for us to release.  Its a cycle until you heal what life wants you to.  Thats just my take on it.  But its possible you still carry that karma so to speak and thats what she sensed.  But i guess she was pretty specific about the familiar 🤔 Yeah there are vampires. They are rarely a physical being though, more like a parasitic ghost.

I suppose it’s possible some of these vampiric spirits have cult-like followings of human “familiars” to collect blood or energy for them. Haven’t heard much about it but many powerful spirits can influence people.

There’s a great book: Vampires the Occult Truth by Konstantinos, it lays it all out. Actual walking corpse physical vampires are apparently rare but not out of the question. I think the vampiric spirit can get powerful enough to reanimate its body or possess another.

Anyways check out the book it’s great. Good luck out there! I think I received a similar message from a reading about moving to NOLA too. The reader just said it differently, but energetically to me it’s the same. He said: don’t associate with people who are still very attached to their ego. (Ego-maniacs)

I understood the energy of what he said, because my parents are both ego-maniacs and I was a little sad to connect to it to the people I had already met in town. At the time I really didn’t know how to differentiate a truly caring person and someone pretending to be caring and it’s actually taken a few years of trial and error to get it. If you feel exhausted or euphoric (extremes) after interacting with them, they are not truly caring. Truly mutually beneficial connections have the benefit happen simultaneously and it usually feels very calming and fulfilling. It is not, I do this for you and then you pay me back in the way I have decided you pay me back. loets of living entities in NOLA for sure, as well as underground vampire communities. I dont think they go out & target people but you can sell ur blood (I know this cuz a friend of mine sold his blood to vampires once.) However there is a ton of spiritual warfare going on down there. & def predators, but also amazing people as well. She’s warned you about Lestat Why didn't you ask her this question, can I ask 🤔?

Is there a way to clarify with her?

For me it is always better to clarify with the person who said the message than with other people. A lot gets lost in translation. It seems she had a specific message for you and here is a little bit of exploration/indagation in the comments...

I hope your move goes very well!! Energetic vampires. NOLA and pretty much Louisiana as a whole is a big ‘weak spot’ in the portal/veil. Celebrities Did you ask for clarification/did she offer any? I was thinking vampires as more of energy drainers. People who suck your energy. But then they said you’d only be able to see their familiars and now I’m just as confused as you OP 😂 be careful out there! Dark energy in Nola. I would not recommend living there. She didn’t mean blood sucking vampires. It’ll suck your positive energy out of you. I’ve experienced it every time I go there. That’s why I don’t go anymore Are you open to sharing your psychic’s information? Does she have a business to contact? If not I understand, it’s just that I’ve been meaning to find someone who is pet say legit and knowledgeable in that area. I trust you've subscribed to r/Louisiana and are aware of how things are moving politically in that state?  You definitely need to be extremely careful in every single possible way there.

My family has a long and very deep history there but I wouldn't and won't set foot there for love or money. Watch out for the Pig People also Energy vampires im assuming Can you dm her info Your psychic loved the show "True Blood". Yay! Welcome to our pretty city. Definitely join r/NewOrleans it’s hilarious but also a good source of local issues. We do have vampires here and it’s always wise to shield and have a good BS meter. But the city is also very friendly and welcoming, so please don’t assume everyone’s terrible. It’s the south so you’ll find yourself in all sorts of random conversations with locals, the majority of these interactions being magical in the best ways. I’ve always found the city to be profoundly magical and my experience is that the city provides exactly what you need/deserve. The karma here seems instantaneous at times, so watch out for that, and the magic is very old. People either love it or hate it. They don’t mean the blood sucking vampires!they just mean the vampires that suck the good emotions out of you! New Orleans is a place with great energy. I'm sure she meant to watch out for those who feed on people's energy and leave them with dark or negative energy. sounds like referencing to The Originals show about the vampires For what it's worth; Not all psychics are legit and legit psychics are not always 100% correct. So decide for yourself what to take from that. Be smart, be safe and always practice psychic protection. 💜 Years ago psychics would make a tape of sessions so you can reflect back on your reading. Sometimes you are given a lot of information and if you stop to think hard about just one element of what’s said you will miss a link. Next time ask for a taping and/ or if you can use your phone to record sessions. You need to get in touch with her to get clarification of your reading… it does you no good if you don’t understand what she was saying and/ or implying. Some readers charge a hefty sum for readings and I’m sure you want your money’s worth. 

You shouldn’t have to guess and/ or have other people interpret what a reader told you, you deserve to get a official and accurate reading that’s chrystal clear to you! The mind is narrative, Spirit is simple. If what’s happening in your head is a whole story or a linear thought-out process, that’s likely your mind. If it’s a complete & instant “Knowing”, an emotion, or one or two words, that’s likely Spirit/intuition. Have the mindset that your other clairs are developing and your claircognizance is your strongest Clair. I also share this problem but when I started to change my mind set I've been noticing static, floaters which indicates my clairvoyance is developing and I also have started to have ringing in my ears. Just keep practicing and everything will fall into its place easily. To put it very simply, your intuition or intuitive messages will be a light to tap on the door, whereas your own thoughts and fears will be a bang on the door. If it’s loud, it’s probably not your intuition. That’s how I see it A message should feel like a rudimentary thought form that comes more quickly and consciously. You then interpret that with what question you had. This is my personal experience.

Typically, information that comes specifically through my left ear is from my guides, for myself.  Information that comes through the right ear is for other people.

I don't know if it works for others this way.

Here's what I'd suggest, after your meditation, take 5-10 minutes and write down anything you heard, that you could make out, first. 

Then write down the thoughts in your head, even if they seem random or irrelevant.

Note any feelings in your body, "my shoulder feels weird" "my feet were tingling" "Chest feels tight" "throat is sore" or "totally normal"

Make a note of any images in your mind.  Describe them or even sketch them out.

Pick a color.  Whatever come to mind first 

Are there any numbers that come to mind?  If not, write down the time.

I have a chart that I use to prompt me on all these things ready to go as soon as I'm ready to write.  I've personally found this EXTREMELY helpful to distinguish psychic information.

I hope this helps.  Also, if anyone has ideas to add, please comment.  We can all learn from each other.

As always, remember to be kind, practice compassion. I might not quite have "clairaudince" but i know its normal. The reson being what sorcerers call "left side awarness". It is refering to that energy tends to be distributet unequally in the body, so often the left eye and the left ear would be more "psychic" then the right once. In my experience, I tend to hear things out of one of my ears not both. Not that I’m doubting you, but what makes you think you’ve been getting negative energy from this woman? What specifically is the result of this bad energy? Is it something you noticed yourself? Or is this just something a few psychics have told you about? Yes if you can talk to her and maybe even things out its best option before doing in any magickal activities.

And even she is sending any bad energy, just regular cleansing, meditation and grounding will build you energy body so you don't have to worry about negative influence. Yes it may be a good idea to reach out to her to solve any problems you have with her. sometimes communications is necessary for her to heal/stop hating you so she will stop sending bad energy.

if she isn’t willing to communicate then I guess you will need to find a way to protect your energy so that her bad energy can’t affect you as much The easiest way to stop a curse is stop feeding it. No one can hurt you more than your own paranoia Uhm is it bad that I know that one of my friends is gonna be marrying a person with the initials JG? Time. It just takes time. That is awfully vague. Without more context, no one but you is likely to work it out. Just because I think this loved one might be saying to concentrate on living one's life rather than contacting those who have crossed over, does not mean I know what I'm talking about. I advise you meditate and go deep into your own heart to figure out where you are spending your energy that you could put to better uses. Yep. I sense it too. i have come to the same realization; through entirely different means. 

the us dollar is tied to all other national currencies, stock markets worldwide, real estate, bond markets; and more. a collapse in any one could destroy all. and all of them are in significant bubbles now. 

this is the same problem as 2008 (overleveraged banks playing casino)

counterparty risk doesn't matter until it is the only thing that matters

<3 It's hard to say who or why a spirit would do that. It could be just to get your attention about something. Or maybe they were confused as to why you were there blue Yellow Red Purple Green Emerald green Blue Yellow and pink Give it up guy light blue Purple, and thank you! Dark Blue Blue Red ❤️💋🍷 Olive Green Purple Yellow I felt that once while waiting on a customer as a kid and it made me so nervous I made an excuse and went into the back. I was literally shaking and I could not stop. The manager saw my face and he called his friend who was a neighborhood cop. 

The cop came in with his partner and the guy backed out and left. But he was packing a gun under his shirt, not illegal there, but unusual and so they followed the guy out and got his license plate #. 

Turns out he was wanted for several things including stalking an ex GF, selling drugs and suspected burglary. He was on parole but had a restraining order on him and he wasn't supposed to be carrying a weapon. 

I don't think he was there to rob us. It was broad daylight and he didn't have a record for armed robbery but his having a weapon was enough to violate his parole and get him off the streets and I was relieved to hear he had been busted because that guy? He felt like a major tragedy just waiting to happen to me. 

My very first job was at a Sears in a mall. My very first week someone robbed me at gun point in the garden area. It freaked me out so bad I never went back to that job. I still to this day do not like hanging out near cash registers for long. I get what I need and get out. I did retail for years after but I was always looking for trouble, looking over my shoulder, almost waiting for something to happen again. 

I trust that feeling. If I feel it while I'm shopping or whatever I get the hell out of wherever I am. I'd rather be see as paranoid than risk staying and have something happen because I was in the wrong place at the wrong time... I'm not an empathic, but I had the unfortunate encounter with my wife's mother at a family get together.  I told her mother that her daughter was doing great in her life, and the mother flared and started criticizing her daughter behind her back.  Her voice was like a bolt of lightning going through my body.  Scared the shit out of me and I knew that woman was not a nice person.   I believe she's a narc. Yes this has happened to me. On public transit more than once. Every time it happened, I got off the bus or train and waited for another one. Yes, I'm an Empath and I've felt this before. It's usually accurate too It happens differently for everything. Everything has death. But nothing really dies. And you certainly don't. You just change your perspective. You see things differently. Past things. You understand more about yourself. For this to happen. Death need not be. For you can die every second. And still live on. Check out some near death experience stories Nobody knows the answer because nobody has died and then come back. The closest thing we have is the accounts of people who almost died and started going through the process before being pulled or sent back to their bodies. Check nderf.org for a good compilation of near-death experience reports. The best thing to do is read as many as possible and identify on your own where you see commonalities, so you can start to put together data points and a rough draft of what probably happens. The consensus is, a tunnel of white light that feels very inviting appears, usually along with Jesus or whichever religious figure the person prefers and dead relatives/pets greeting the person. Some people even describe being sent to hell. My uncle said he was floating in white space where he felt peace but was suddenly brought back to life by doctors who were performing defibrillization. He had a heart failure which caused him to flat line for a good 5 minutes. So maybe there? Idk Youre always right here. Dolores Cannon : Life after Death. You can find it on YouTube. Well YOU as you don't wake up anywhere. Your persona you have right here and your ego, your image as a person dissapears. You will be just pure consicoussnes.

According to your earthly beliefs you can experience heaven or hell or harem of virgins in your afterlife but then its the same for everyone. Reconnection to Source and reincarnation. If you attained enough spiritual evolution you might become ascended master. You are pulled into a light, sometimes through a tunnel. Some people resist it or don't see it and float around as a ghost for a while. But when you make it to the other side, your are greeted by loved ones you both knew in this life, other lives, etc. You'll feel an incredible feeling of unconditional love that will completely permeate you. You will feel a deep connection and love for everyone around you.

There will also be more colors in the afterlife. Then you will have your life review. You will not be judged during this life review. Only you will judge your actions. You may be questioned about certain events or shown certain events where you were nice or good to someone or times when you hurt someone. You will also see and experience other people's feelings during those moments for further understanding. You will see also there ripple affect your actions can make.

We then go on to pursue other tasks or interests or review our next life if we decide to incarnate again. From what I have heard, birthmarks are an indicator of how you died in your past life. I have a birthmarks on my neck. Thats why we can't have nice things because scammy psychics are telling people they are cursed and they offer cleansing for money.

Now if legit psychic offers similiar service he gets tagged as shady person. FML

Anyway constantly thinking that you are cursed might end up in you placing curse on yourself. You'd do much better if you undergo some basic cleansing and forget about the curse. I'd really be leery of that. I had energy work done on me by a supposed "friend." it later turned out she was telling my best friend I was talking to demons and just generally trying to separate us the entire time. Shortly after her "reiki" on me I ended up having auditory hallucinations and ended up in the psych ward two months later. Do not trust very many people with access to your energy unfortunately. My best friend (at the time) and I literally learned psychic development together. It was devestating bc a woman we'd known three months got in her head and scared her religiously that it ruined our 7 year friendship. We talked every day and even spent the nights together on weekends sometimes. We called ourselves soul sisters and I'd never had such a bond with a friend before. She left my home, moved in with the other girl (id been letting her live with me for a year, her and her daughter for free) and blocked me for a year. It's hard to come back from that. She eventually saw through the "friend," but not before it did bad damage to our relationship. I’m not saying you haven’t been cursed, but a so-called psychic telling someone they’re cursed and offering to remove the curse (for a small donation) is the oldest trick in the book. It’s possible you’ve visited a string of bad psychics. Just for context, as a trained healer with psychic abilities for almost a decade, I still haven’t noticed the negative energy pop up until after I’ve started the healing. And then when the session is over I’ll let people know what was removed without trying to scare them. No need to worry them after finishing a session. The problem is technically gone at that moment so no need to bring it back up.

Also, for the other psychics in here what does the energy of a curse look that would separate it from regular negative energy? Curious if you have found any difference or legitimacy to what the energy of a curse is actually identified. I’ve had 1 of them not offer a cleansing and did not word it as a curse but as a being from a past life that is lingering in my energy preventing these things. if it is a curse, I can lift it for you for free, but you need to promise me, that you will not commit a sin in the next two years. Simple as that. are you up for a challenge? Sounds like astral projection. 
Google astral projection. It’s too hard to explain. I vibrate when listening to hypnotic suggestion designing to raise consciousness.  I think it may be a pretty normal side effect of altered consciousness.. It depends. Psychics learn to read in lots of different ways. Date of birth is absolutely necessary for astrological readings. Some psychics can go off a first name only and read your shorts off.  Some can look at your post, use that to find your energy, and read you that way. Some use a picture or object.

If you sit in front of someone, they can start with your body and find your energy very quickly most times. If you are online behind an alias username, they can still find you through your words. If you are getting a phone reading, they can find your energy through your voice.

A really useful way to find someone is to have them say their name out loud while you're in trance and reading their energy. They will sparkle when they say their name; a little ball of light in their body or near it, usually near it. That helps separate the readee from everyone else in their space; family and spirit guides mostly.

There is no one way to test for genuine psychics. But if they read you and knock your spiritual socks off, they're genuine, which means they've had a lot of practice to hone their skills. I’ve never provided that information for in person or virtual readings so I’m going to say no- it’s shouldn’t be required if it’s a genuine psychic Your date of birth and name will give them your birth chart and it reveals a lot about who you are. I don't need anything, but I do ask for a name. I don't even care if it's a fake name ... I just want to know how to address the person. 

That said, some genuine psychics like to use certain pieces of info a a focus. They were probably taught that way and they don't realize they don't need it or even think about it. Face to face readings I take a name for the booking but as u/psychicthis said, I just want to know how to address them & what to book their session under. I don’t care if it’s just a first name, a nickname or a fake name. 

Over the internet, I’ll take a username. Again, the same applies as in person, it’s a place marker and how I address someone. It’s just something for me to focus on, something to anchor to.

I’m always dubious when I’m asked for a DOB if I’m getting a reading. Astrology and numerology readings can be fun, but if it’s not what I’m booking for, I’m not keen to reveal that. I usually don’t take anything - (I might ask for an astrological sign maybe now and again if they’re comfortable sharing) If its in person they shouldn't need date of birth unless they do astrology or that weird stuff. Just your first name so they can adress you properly and thats enough.

Its all about psychic links. I can use name OR date of birth OR picture. But I need something I can latch onto. If its online or in person I tap directly in their energy coz I see them. I would work to let that guilt go.  It could have been her and even if it was, she’s in a completely different realm now and only wants to see you happy. Even if it was your mom, she realized she scared you and to be honest, she's probably chuckling over it. 

You can talk to her now and explain and let it go. It's all good. 

I'm sorry to hear you lost her in body ... Yeah ... that's a thing. You're blocking yourself. 

Be sure to keep your protection up and don't allow outside energies and entities in. 

Relax. Breathe. Allow the information to come as you thank the blocks for trying to protect you, but reassure them that you're fine. Yes, it is possible to block yourself, through fear or deep rooted disbelief or even religion.

But I have to ask, what is it you’re trying to tap into that means you need to have some sort of clairvoyance? You got it Luigi. Each individual has certain pathways or channels in which the chakras have their most potentials. The Human Design gives the individual a superficial aspect of these channels/pathways. 

Each channel have their own correspondences to planetary energies, zodiacal energies and even emotional and intellectual properties. 

Some adepts would take these even further and find correspondences with each degree of the zodiac, each I chings, Archangels and crystals. This is the work ofbeach individual to find their own correspondences. Uh, there's no such thing as far as I know. Chakras are not muscles. I think I understand what you're saying. It's not really like working out a muscle, but I get the idea.

It's more like cleaning off a gemstone. Or layers and layers of gem-like material.  Energy doesn't flow through the chakras as well when the chakras are dirty. That's why so many healing traditions have techniques to clean out the chakras and get them spinning. 

That is the other bit that happens. When you clean off all of the foreign energy build up (that nasty wax buildup!), the chakras can spin more easily. They are both lenses/antennas and information repositories. Spinning the chakras makes accessing the information easier.

For your own workout, try this:

First, have some place for the energy you clean off the chakras to go. A grounding cord will serve that purpose.

Then, use your fingers and hand in front of each chakra (over the top of the seventh chakra) to push and pull and generally agitate the energy off of each chakra, starting from the first chakra and working your way up. Just think of your healing energy turning on, and then feel with your hands for the energy of each chakra. 

It's also useful to imagine a cleaning implement (brush, pipe cleaner, chakra floss) and run that back and forth in each chakra. It's just another way of focusing your healing energy.

Here's how to ground.

Try this. Sit in a chair. Close your eyes. Take a deep breath. Feet flat on the floor. Hands separated and resting palms up on each thigh.

Create a grounding cord. This is a line of energy that connects your first chakra to the center of the planet. Your first chakra is a ball of energy about the size of a quarter that sits just in front of the base of your spine. Your grounding cord attaches to the bottom of that ball of energy.

Grounding makes your body feel safe, so you release energy more easily. Gravity pulls whatever you release, even your own energy, down to the center of the planet. No effort on your part. The center of the planet neutralizes the energy and returns it to whoever owns it. No karma for anyone. A virtuous cycle.

Nearly everyone goes to connect to the center of the planet the first time but stops at the soil, often making roots like a tree. This is a method that is taught in some martial arts styles, but it is not the best option for your spiritual development and healing.

So, notice the seat of your chair. Take a deep breath. Notice the distance between the seat and the floor. Now notice the distance between the floor and the soil below. Breathe.

Now notice the distance between the soil and the water table underneath. Notice the distance between the water table and the rocky mantle. Notice the distance between the mantle and the molten core below that. Deep breath.

Notice the distance between the molten core and the center of the planet. That ball of light at the very center of the planet is where you connect your grounding cord. Deep breath.

Say hello to the center of the planet. Do you get a hello back?

Notice the color and texture of your grounding cord. It may look like a line of energy, or look like something physical; a rope, a wire, a pipe, a tree trunk. Adjust it as needed to be in affinity with your body.

Getting this far means you've already released some energy from your aura and body. Now it is time to fill in the space that was created.

Create a gold sun over your head. Have it call back all of your energy from wherever you left it throughout your day and week. Work. School. Online meetings. Video games. Your fantasies about your future. Your regrets about your past. Wherever you've placed your attention. Just watch the energy come back and see if you notice where it came from.

Have the sun burn up and neutralize your energy. Then bring the sun into the top of your head. It will automatically flow into the spaces you created. Create a gauge to measure when you're full. Like a fuel gauge or oil gauge. You'll run better if you aren't a few quarts low on spiritual oil. If the gauge doesn't read "Full", bring in another gold sun.

Open your eyes, bend over and touch the floor, draining any tension from the back of your neck, then stand up, and stretch.

There is a progression with this technique. After grounding for ten minutes a day for a week or two, notice your grounding cord at the very end, while you're standing with your eyes open. Continue to ground with your eyes open and standing, and bring in another gold sun. Each day, increase the amount of time that you ground standing up with your eyes open.

After a week or two practicing this, add walking while grounded. Just notice your grounding cord as you walk. Say hello to the center of the planet while you walk. Bring in a gold sun while you walk.  If you lose your grounding cord, stop walking and recover it. If you have to, sit back down and close your eyes and create a new grounding cord.

After this, you're ready to take your grounding cord with you into your daily life. Shopping. Getting coffee. Wherever you go, you can ground. This, combined with a little amusement about seeing new things on an energy level, will keep you safe and sound.

Now that you're here, at the end of your grounding meditations, create a gold sun over your head. This time, fill it with your highest creative essence, your present time growth vibration, and your affinity for yourself. The first energy is a healing for you. The second is a healing for your body. The third is a healing for your affinity in your fourth chakra.

Bend over and touch the floor. Stand up and stretch. If you're ready for more, sit back down and ground some more. Otherwise, have a nice day!

Note that every image you imagine, the gold sun, the grounding cord, the center of the planet, your first chakra, your body parts, is exercising your clairvoyance. You may be imagining what your tailbone looks like, but you're also creating the image of your tailbone and reading its energy. This is practicing your clairvoyant ability. I reccomend the audio book Energy Anatomy by Caroline Myss! I follow a lot of her method/ framework to work with my chakras and its been life changing. Unfortunately the only person who can tell you exactly what this means is your reader. 

Were you in relationship with a 50 year old schizophrenic male? Were you around such a male at all? Were you in a co-dependent type relationship? Does any of her statement resonate with you? Do you have any understanding of what she meant? 

A good reader is still never 100% accurate, we can all be wrong. Only you know if the reading was relevant to you or your life, and whether these remarks meant anything or this was just something your reader either didn’t explain enough to you nor was just wrong about. Just stop being Bruce? Lol

Sounds like quackery Could be many reasons. First I would make sure my energy body is in good health. Like strong vibrant aura without holes and no blocked chakras. Then you can literally instruct your aura to work as shield against mind reading. If you get too many psychic readings that will open up your energetic field, making you very easy to read. claircognizance premonitions :) im the same way, im predicting things through the day over and over and typically it’s 15 sec before it happens. it’s a beautiful thing to have. my understanding of it is that in higher realms, time doesn’t exist like it does here. sometimes when you live closer to that realm, you’re seeing things that haven’t happened yet because in that space/time, it already has happened. nothing to be scared of. there’s so much to this world that we don’t know. Yeah? I'd suggest that you keep a detailed log of when you are right and when you are wrong (we all are at times). Then you can see the patterns and have a really good idea how your proficiency actually is. With the additional data from your notes, you may also find patterns of where you were right as compared to when something is amiss. You will answer all your questions yourself with detailed notes. 

I am a highly logical software engineer and up until a decade ago, I did not buy into ESP or much of any anecdotal 'evidence'. After some undeniable high-strangeness events, I have dropped the close-minded view which discounted ESP out of hand and reevaluated many events in my life which could have been ESP. Not that I think many were from ESP but just the fact that it could-have-been is a monumental change in my belief system. I have the exact same thing. I don't have it happen super often but when it does it's a little creepy. I once was at a church owned home, setting up furniture for a family whose house had completely burned down on Christmas Day. We did not know when they were coming, and we were in the basement, which had no windows and you could not hear any cars or anything from outside. I suddenly smelled something distinct for a brief second and instantly said "they're here." And a few seconds later the family walked into the house and called for us. I have no idea why the smell gave me any insight and since I was a kid I didn't really think much of it, but it stuck in my head for some reason and as I got older and noticed similar things occurring, I kept relating it to that incident. I kept trying to figure out if there was any way I could possibly have known these things were gonna happen and I am now positive there is no way I could have known. And it's never anything super important, just random stuff. When my mom got the call that our great aunt passed away, before anything was said, I knew it was going to be a "bad" phone call. When I was at the beach one time I felt like there was something bad in a certain area on the beach, and when I went over there, I found the remains of a human left lower leg (possibly medical waste or just remains from an old drowning victim finally washing up on shore but still don't know for sure to this day and I swear I'm not trolling lol it's totally true). I also have the same thing when it comes to random songs coming on the radio like you mentioned. I have also noticed that I have an insanely accurate internal clock, but never knew if that was the same kind of thing. Like someone will ask the time and I'll give an exact answer without having my phone or a watch or anything nearby, and I don't even round up to the half hour or anything, I'll say some random time like 12:17 and I'll be exactly correct. What are some other things you've predicted? Even if they're small and inconsequential like someone mentioning something you just read about. I am trying to understand my own phenomena and it sounds similar to yours in that I don’t seem to be able to control it or steer it, but the consistent predictions are undeniable at this point. Happens to me as well. Why is it frightening for you? Just enjoy it. I don’t wanna kill your vibe,, but people mentioning a popular news story while it’s viral online doesn’t seem like a weird coincidence. Also music apps have pretty specific algorithms. Our brains aren’t that unique, and subconsciouses can pick up on a lot of things based on normal patterns. This feels like hardcore confirmation bias my dude Once I apologized before dropping and breaking the glass. You feel other people thought patterns and your subconscious mind put it together to give you flash clairvoyance. I’d say because people can’t do it themselves and they never witnessed it or documented proof of it (that I’m aware of). I’m pretty skeptical of it myself It’s something that should be easy to prove as it occurs entirely within physical reality, yet no one has proved it. People would believe it if it was performed under the right conditions (i.e. not just a video someone recorded at home where there could be hidden wires or air currents) They don't believe because its really hard and because too many people are trying to fake it. Man, stop looking for external validity. If you can do it, that's good for you. If someone doubts, do it in front of the person. If the person isn't convinced, move on with your life and be proud of yourself. If you wish to be able to use it in a practical situation where people will witness it and acknowledge it's legitimacy, keep working on it until you can move really heavy objects. The thing is, whether it is magick rituals or spirituality exercises or psychic skills, you do it for self empowerment first..your skills are for your own growth, don't bother much about what others believe or think. You have your life story to write, so write it and let others write theirs. Consensus reality is against it in this era. [removed] cant tell if this is a joke or not When I see it, I will believe it I've never seen anyone lift items with their mind alone. How does it work? Not many people can do it and it’s a rare skill. Probably better to ask the person who doesn’t believe it.

I can use my mind to move objects. First I will for something to happen then my hand just moves somehow and moves it. And walla thoughts have moved an object. Maybe I can use thoughts through vocal cords to create sound waves that ask someone to move the item and walla thoughts moved an object. And what if by trying to manifest something you will for an object to be moved but without asking… jk jk I believe in the male version, telekinephews. Are you mentalny ill op? Because...ego. It takes forever to learn which is why most People don’t think it exists.  They don’t have the patience to make it happen. I can’t do it at Will but I can do it and I found a couple tips that help me along my way those are 
1. Inhaling 100% exhaling 50%
2. Getting rid of any clutter in your house because you won’t be able to concentrate
3. Spend some time focusing and connecting with the peace you’re trying to move such as tinfoil. 
4. Don’t try to move it with your mind look at the object as an extension of you almost if you had a limb that extends to the object and then move that limb Believe? Considering my viewpoint on our current reality, yes you could but the issue is how. I've seen a story about a couple of people able to influence magnetic fields with thought on documentaries (take it with a grain of salt). They seem to be capable of generating and altering magnetic fields. For a lot of people, they haven't really studied the claims and the very idea seems preposterous in this scientific age.

(I am a believer myself) Small minded
LOL For one thing, seeing is believing. Telekinesis is no different than energy healings in this regard.  You have to be the one getting the healing or it all looks fake or unimportant.

That last word is key. Many ages ago, some of us did a lot with telekinesis. So much so, that it kind of ruined things for a lot of folks on this planet. So, a rather large group agreement was made to not do that kind of destructive usage again. Some people don't believe. Some of us believe but agree not to pursue it, so we don't care.

Given all the other psychic abilities you could choose to focus on, why is this one the most important to you? I'm curious. 

When I was involved with Aikido, I was thrown by a teacher using only his energy. It felt like nothing else. My feet left the floor without my control. 

Aikido became a stepping stone in my growing awareness of energy and spirit. The explanations were all about universal ki and you had to develop that. The explanations didn't ring true for me. On some level, I could tell I wasn't getting the full story in those explanations. So, I left to study other things, mainly healing and clairvoyant reading.

So I'm curious what it is you're looking for. Things like mind over matter are frightening. Better to be a skeptic than a believer who knows they are not self empowered, in my view.

John Ive been really interested in practicing it, can you give me pointers? True. Is hard and can cost to much energy or even create health problems. The other thing is people not ready to accept it. The next thing is there is far too many amatour magicians trying to surprise the world with tricks. I'm definitely open to it, never seen it done but would love to find out Why don't people believe in unicorns? Why don't people believe in a pot of gold at the end of a rainbow? People won't believe a million and one things. And another thing if they can help it. Get used to it. So instead of moping about what people believe or don't. Why don't you show us what you got? I have witnessed  telekinesis and have no doubt at all that it exists. Because most of us can't do it on command, so we don't believe it is possible that others can do it. But it has always caught my attention an imagination, and even the mere thought of it being possible makes me feel hopeful and although I haven't been able to do it yet, I'm doing everything in my power to learn how to do it myself to eventually teach others that it is indeed possible and that they can learn themselves how to do it. All I know is that I know spirits can move stuff very easily. Happens all the time around me. The thing is humans won’t ever be able to do huge amounts of telekinesis, why even try to develop it? Please tell is HOW you do it lol Send me a Video of you doing it please 🙏 Maybe it’s like the mile-a-minute. They can do it once they see someone else do it. They just gotta believe it. I don't believe that powers that be would allow for it, or that the simulation can allow that kind of thing. Regardless of that, I managed to move a crystal in my hand but I highly doubt it was spiritual, regardless of how I align spiritually. You need protection my friend! Where some positive vibrations, and protective stones, such as black tourmaline, a great protector as well as black onyx. Also ask your ancestors to take care of this bad spirit and bad presence. Also try to imagine a glowing ball of glowing light protecting you whenever you feel this way. Or imagine your gairdain angels wings! Negative energy feeds off fear, so project love! (Love is the opposite of fear) imagine a time where you felt pur love shoot love all around you! Love will protect you💖 It could be a bad spirit In your shoes, I would do a smoke cleanse. I'm a Christian, so I would use the Breastplate of St. Patrick as a shielding prayer. If you are of another tradition, you may wish to seek out more information from that tradition on protection. One thing I do for protection of my home is to visualize shields around it, that keep negative energy out and allow healing and loving energy in. 

There is the possibility that whatever is visiting you is not evil, exactly, but because it is of a difference substance than what we perceive with the 5 senses, your brain is processing it as scary. Its really hard to say. It can be just panic attacks. Or anxiety acting up.

It could be your sixth sense, some spirit around. Try doing some cleansings. Or go to chirch Church I hope this helps because if you are scared then that might mean a bad spirit is there You put holy water on you so that way the bad spirit can go away I think you should explore Dolores Cannon and her books. She started off with helping people to lose weight, stop smoking etc, with hypnosis, but discovered past lives. She went down this path and wrote around 20 books and the rabbit hole is deep. You find some of her talks on YouTube as well. Why, I recommend her is because it seems like you connected to a parallel life. I guess you are open to psychic experiences and when you and your husband visited nature; you broke through. Super interesting story.  Thanks for sharing. Maybe you are psychic.  Maybe meditation will bring you back to this woman and her life...you could also ask your higher self/spirit guides. Wow great experience, thanks for sharing. May be her way of life meant to give you ınspiration and assurance. Because it had a calming effect even on me from what you told. Sounds to me like that’s one of your other lives. Some would call it a reincarnational life but when you dig deeper into metaphysical study, you’ll eventually discover that time is simultaneous.  And that all of our lives are lives simultaneously, even if they are lived in other time periods. Sequential time is something we experience when we are incarnated in human form. But it does not exist the way we think it does. 

What happened to you seems rather harmless. If you’re curious about what I said, and want to learn more, I suggest reading “Seth Speaks: The Eternal Validity of the Soul” by Jane Robert’s. This is a phenomena hard to explain I guess there is a message you needed to hear at this precise place and time. Maybe you entered in resonnance and made contact with a very real person at the other side of the world, a bit like Sense-8.

Maybe keep in mind this can be an episode of epilepsy, if it happens again and more frequently just go visit a doctor just to be sure. You aren't losing anything. You actually found something. And it's really cool!

You have all the same psychic abilities as everyone else, but you don't use them. At least, not until you went camping. The energy of the mountains, the hiking, the air, the initial silence, then the subtle sounds of the forest, all of these take your body and you back to a time when you needed all your psychic abilities to survive. So your abilities turned on! Really cool!

It's useful to not get too romantic in how you describe psychic abilities, so in your case I'd just say to think of them like antennas in your body. You shut them down in the city because they would overload from all that energy. You go camping and voila! You're aware again!

Now to the really cool part. I see you and the Australian lady have had past lives together. When you spaced out / turned on your awareness, you left your body and paid her a visit. Really sweet of you to do that. She heard you as a spirit but I don't see her being aware of you in the body; just as a spirit. She probably didn't notice anything while you were there visiting.

So nothing bad happened to either of you. Something wonderful happened to you. I admire your husband for a calm support. Tell him I said "Well done!"

This may happen again; or not. But you can easily recall some of that awareness you turned on. It could also turn on while you're in the city, which could be really fun or terribly horrifying.  You'll want some tools to keep you safe either way.

Try this. Sit in a chair. Close your eyes. Take a deep breath. Feet flat on the floor. Hands separated and resting palms up on each thigh.

Create a grounding cord. This is a line of energy that connects your first chakra to the center of the planet. Your first chakra is a ball of energy about the size of a quarter that sits just in front of the base of your spine. Your grounding cord attaches to the bottom of that ball of energy.

Grounding makes your body feel safe, so you release energy more easily. Gravity pulls whatever you release, even your own energy, down to the center of the planet. No effort on your part. The center of the planet neutralizes the energy and returns it to whoever owns it. No karma for anyone. A virtuous cycle.

Nearly everyone goes to connect to the center of the planet the first time but stops at the soil, often making roots like a tree. This is a method that is taught in some martial arts styles, but it is not the best option for your spiritual development and healing.

So, notice the seat of your chair. Take a deep breath. Notice the distance between the seat and the floor. Now notice the distance between the floor and the soil below. Breathe.

Now notice the distance between the soil and the water table underneath. Notice the distance between the water table and the rocky mantle. Notice the distance between the mantle and the molten core below that. Deep breath.

Notice the distance between the molten core and the center of the planet. That ball of light at the very center of the planet is where you connect your grounding cord. Deep breath.

Say hello to the center of the planet. Do you get a hello back?

Notice the color and texture of your grounding cord. It may look like a line of energy, or look like something physical; a rope, a wire, a pipe, a tree trunk. Adjust it as needed to be in affinity with your body.

Getting this far means you've already released some energy from your aura and body. Now it is time to fill in the space that was created.

Create a gold sun over your head. Have it call back all of your energy from wherever you left it throughout your day and week. Work. School. Online meetings. Video games. Your fantasies about your future. Your regrets about your past. Wherever you've placed your attention. Just watch the energy come back and see if you notice where it came from.

Have the sun burn up and neutralize your energy. Then bring the sun into the top of your head. It will automatically flow into the spaces you created. Create a gauge to measure when you're full. Like a fuel gauge or oil gauge. You'll run better if you aren't a few quarts low on spiritual oil. If the gauge doesn't read "Full", bring in another gold sun.

Open your eyes, bend over and touch the floor, draining any tension from the back of your neck, then stand up, and stretch.

There is a progression with this technique. After grounding for ten minutes a day for a week or two, notice your grounding cord at the very end, while you're standing with your eyes open. Continue to ground with your eyes open and standing, and bring in another gold sun. Each day, increase the amount of time that you ground standing up with your eyes open.

After a week or two practicing this, add walking while grounded. Just notice your grounding cord as you walk. Say hello to the center of the planet while you walk. Bring in a gold sun while you walk.  If you lose your grounding cord, stop walking and recover it. If you have to, sit back down and close your eyes and create a new grounding cord.

After this, you're ready to take your grounding cord with you into your daily life. Shopping. Getting coffee. Wherever you go, you can ground. This, combined with a little amusement about seeing new things on an energy level, will keep you safe and sound.

Now that you're here, at the end of your grounding meditations, create a gold sun over your head. This time, fill it with your highest creative essence, your present time growth vibration, and your affinity for yourself. The first energy is a healing for you. The second is a healing for your body. The third is a healing for your affinity in your fourth chakra.

Bend over and touch the floor. Stand up and stretch. If you're ready for more, sit back down and ground some more. Otherwise, have a nice day!

Note that every image you imagine, the gold sun, the grounding cord, the center of the planet, your first chakra, your body parts, is exercising your clairvoyance. You may be imagining what your tailbone looks like, but you're also creating the image of your tailbone and reading its energy. This is practicing your clairvoyant ability. It could be many things. So I don't wanna put a label on it and say. That! Because that won't really help. I've heard of similar experiences. But they are usually induced by drug use. Or a specific practice. Nothing like this. Mind you. The lady in your vision might not exist here at all. Might be something totally different. That's one reason why it can be many things. It could be that your related. But.. could be entirely unrelated. Sometimes it's better to swim in ambiguity and keep an open mind. Rather than jumping on the first rock that looks like shore. Sometimes souls incarnate in more than one body at the same time for the purposes of faster advancement. Perhaps you saw a glimpse of another part of your own soul. Read Michael Newton’s A Journey of Souls for more on this theory. Very interesting. Thank you for sharing. I'd be interested in knowing more. From what you've mentioned you are open to psychic phenomenon because like you said about ghost activity. If you meditate on it you can find out more I think. [removed] It doesn't sound dumb because I've been wondering the same thing about myself.. since I could remember I've been very intuitive and very sensitive to other people's emotions.. seriously though lately it feels like there's something bigger and more trying to come to light. Although asking people about it isn't that easy because the word "psychic" is something most people can't wrap their heads around or even believe to be real. *Sighh A little bit of apprehension is normal, but if you have any doubts or fears about opening yourself up to spirits, the answer is - don’t. 

You need to be absolutely sure in what you’re doing and completely confident you know how to protect yourself without fear. 

Everyone asks here how to turn on their abilities, but equally as important is knowing how to turn them off too. Meditation, grounding, cleansing, blocking and shielding are all essential psychic skills. As are setting your own psychic boundaries and limitation with the spirit world. And it takes knowledge & practise to build those skills up. If you want to be open to spirit, it’s your responsibility to know what you’re opening yourself upto and how to handle it when you do. If you’re afraid of what might happen or afraid enough you need someone with you to handle it, you aren’t ready to open yourself up yet. 

If this is something you’re struggling with, I’d suggest finding out if your local spiritualist church runs development classes you can join (most do) or ask in your local New Age shop. There’s only so many things you can learn online or from books, sometimes you really need another person and this is the best way of finding someone who knows what they’re doing & can physically guide you. I’m not psychic but have had an overwhelmingly amount of ghost activity in my life. I live with my husband in a small apartment. I woke up in the middle of the night around 7 months ago to a 30-ish year old man standing at the end of my bed. I freaked out and kicked my leg towards him and he floated backwards and faded away after 5 seconds or so. For the next couple of weeks I heard a males voice saying “hey” or saying my name. I have a security camera set up in my house and have caught the same voice when I’ve heard it in real time or while we’re asleep. I finally got my hands on some sage and everything stopped. All activity and voices have completely stopped for the last 6 months. Nothing is here anymore….but I cannot sleep by myself. My husband works at a bar and comes home around 2-4am everyday. I am so tired, I want to sleep, but I’m so insanely terrified I have to stay awake until he is home to finally sleep. It’s fucking horrible. I know nothing is here but I actually think it is PTSD. It’s been 6 months without incident and yet I still cannot sleep alone. We are never really alone. 

The Spiritual world is manifested from the internal energy of one source. We are spiritual beings, and are fragmented portions of this original consciousness.

So we are always with our source, and always connected to the rest. Only we feel alone when we don’t see this. Perception is the gateway to seeing this. Love and inspiration is the symptom. They scare the shit out of me every time, even if they're not bad just the unrealness freaks me out In my case, I can sleep alone but if I do I have to do it with the lights on, the only time that I sleep with them off is when someone spends the night with me. 

This is because since I was a kid I wake up to people standing at the end of my bed, or hearing their voices etc

Its horrible during nighttime, at daytime I am totally fine with all that. I sleep with lights on. And when my reality bends too much, I'll sleep with ALL the lights on and a pillow over my face. I don't think I've ever even seen anything scary in the night, but I've been like this since I was a kid, lol I prefer to sleep alone. I've endured violent spirit attacks with a person sitting or sleeping a few feet away, so it doesn't matter if anyone is there. I have no fear of the paranormal as I've been experiencing it for long as I can recall. Question does not make sense. I am never alone.

It's not *paranormal* experiences, it's normal and part of the world you adapt to.

Scary? *“Ha! ha! ha!” roared Goodman Brown, when the wind laughed at him. “Let us hear which will laugh loudest! Think not to frighten me with your deviltry! Come witch, come wizard, come Indian powow, come devil himself! and here comes Goodman Brown. You may as well fear him as he fear you!”* — Nathaniel Hawthorne There is no spirit world that’s just hallucinations made by your mind. It seems you were being shown something, it could be the past or future. I wish I could help more but all I can say is, if it happens again try and keep calm and try communicating there is a reason you are seeing these things. sounds like you astrally projected while awake, or were shown a vision. this is kinda starting to happen to me too I've experienced similar. It's like the first few images are "test" images, easily recognizable things that don't mean much. That's my guess, anyways. Then you get hit with the important stuff. 

Just remember it's a communication of some sort. You aren't in actual danger, so try to stay calm and remember what you can (I know that's really easy to say and very difficult to do, especially the first time, it's terrifying). 

I sketch out the things I see and hear. If I don't draw or log it in some way, the images keep appearing every time I close my eyes or try to sleep. 

The "veil is thinning" imo, I know that sounds unscientific but there aren't better words for it. Seems like these experiences are ramping up for a lot of us. Try not to be afraid, you're just tapped into something others aren't at the moment. 💙 Seeing things in that state between awake and asleep could actually be down to hypnopompic hallucinations instead. Worth checking out whether that resonates with you. Try this. Sit in a chair. Close your eyes. Take a deep breath. Feet flat on the floor. Hands separated and resting palms up on each thigh.

Create a grounding cord. This is a line of energy that connects your first chakra to the center of the planet. Your first chakra is a ball of energy about the size of a quarter that sits just in front of the base of your spine. Your grounding cord attaches to the bottom of that ball of energy.

Grounding makes your body feel safe, so you release energy more easily. Gravity pulls whatever you release, even your own energy, down to the center of the planet. No effort on your part. The center of the planet neutralizes the energy and returns it to whoever owns it. No karma for anyone. A virtuous cycle.

Nearly everyone goes to connect to the center of the planet the first time but stops at the soil, often making roots like a tree. This is a method that is taught in some martial arts styles, but it is not the best option for your spiritual development and healing.

So, notice the seat of your chair. Take a deep breath. Notice the distance between the seat and the floor. Now notice the distance between the floor and the soil below. Breathe.

Now notice the distance between the soil and the water table underneath. Notice the distance between the water table and the rocky mantle. Notice the distance between the mantle and the molten core below that. Deep breath.

Notice the distance between the molten core and the center of the planet. That ball of light at the very center of the planet is where you connect your grounding cord. Deep breath.

Say hello to the center of the planet. Do you get a hello back?

Notice the color and texture of your grounding cord. It may look like a line of energy, or look like something physical; a rope, a wire, a pipe, a tree trunk. Adjust it as needed to be in affinity with your body.

Getting this far means you've already released some energy from your aura and body. Now it is time to fill in the space that was created.

Create a gold sun over your head. Have it call back all of your energy from wherever you left it throughout your day and week. Work. School. Online meetings. Video games. Your fantasies about your future. Your regrets about your past. Wherever you've placed your attention. Just watch the energy come back and see if you notice where it came from.

Have the sun burn up and neutralize your energy. Then bring the sun into the top of your head. It will automatically flow into the spaces you created. Create a gauge to measure when you're full. Like a fuel gauge or oil gauge. You'll run better if you aren't a few quarts low on spiritual oil. If the gauge doesn't read "Full", bring in another gold sun.

Open your eyes, bend over and touch the floor, draining any tension from the back of your neck, then stand up, and stretch.

There is a progression with this technique. After grounding for ten minutes a day for a week or two, notice your grounding cord at the very end, while you're standing with your eyes open. Continue to ground with your eyes open and standing, and bring in another gold sun. Each day, increase the amount of time that you ground standing up with your eyes open.

After a week or two practicing this, add walking while grounded. Just notice your grounding cord as you walk. Say hello to the center of the planet while you walk. Bring in a gold sun while you walk.  If you lose your grounding cord, stop walking and recover it. If you have to, sit back down and close your eyes and create a new grounding cord.

After this, you're ready to take your grounding cord with you into your daily life. Shopping. Getting coffee. Wherever you go, you can ground. This, combined with a little amusement about seeing new things on an energy level, will keep you safe and sound.

Now that you're here, at the end of your grounding meditations, create a gold sun over your head. This time, fill it with your highest creative essence, your present time growth vibration, and your affinity for yourself. The first energy is a healing for you. The second is a healing for your body. The third is a healing for your affinity in your fourth chakra.

Bend over and touch the floor. Stand up and stretch. If you're ready for more, sit back down and ground some more. Otherwise, have a nice day!

Note that every image you imagine, the gold sun, the grounding cord, the center of the planet, your first chakra, your body parts, is exercising your clairvoyance. You may be imagining what your tailbone looks like, but you're also creating the image of your tailbone and reading its energy. This is practicing your clairvoyant ability.

This will enhance your Tarot readings a lot. You'll start to see the energy on the cards pointing you to the most important aspect of each card. It's really fun! The more detail you can ‘see’, the better. Took me forever to find a guided meditation I actually liked, but I still found it difficult at first. Now I can tune out and tune in to my happy place easily, even with things going on around me. One piece of advice I wish I’d had when first starting out was to allow your thoughts, watch them float by like clouds or sticks or leaves in a steam, detach and allow them rather than fight to stop them. I’m not sure I’m explaining it in the best way, but when I heard this I thought, wow! That sure would have been helpful to know! So I try to pass that on to others. Eventually your thoughts run out if you let them. The trick is to simply observe each thought and then let it go. 

Yes to the grounding NotTooDeep posted. 

Also, I started with candle meditation and have been able to help others with it. One girl was having such bad anxiety at work she was ready to quit. Nothing was helping. So I basically talked her through how I do it. After several weeks she contacted me and told me she started carrying a votive or tea light in her purse and when anxiety would hit she’d go into the restroom, light her candle and do her thing and it was great and she just had to tell me how much it changed her life. She could now work, when only weeks prior she was such a mess she was going to quit. I carry that tucked in my heart, so happy for her. Anyways, I think candle meditation is the easiest way to start out, but that’s just my opinion. Let me know if you’d like to know more about the candle meditation. Every ex I have has a psychic footprint, I connect with one that passed away quite often and even feel a connection with those I dont speak with directly anymore I guess each and every one of them leaves small imprints on us no matter how small, I still think fondly of a girl I had a one night stand with about 20 years ago and sometimes think I feel her talking about me, probably me going bonkers but I think there is some sort of spiritual guidance you get from each one of them Yes definitely. I have it with my husband, my ex, similar kinda stuff Twin flame Footprint sounds a bit harsh. You have pictures in your aura that contain memories, energy, and information from all your relationships, including past lives. 

Most definitely a spiritual thing. Well done being aware of them! If someone has some power to create black magic... You, also being someone, capable of imagination, intentions, creativity, choice, and passion have the Power to Undo It.

I don't know if all of these circumstances were caused by intentional magic, however there are ways of clearing the energy and using your own powerful intentions to counteract them.

That being said, it is sometimes better to not start a fight given it can encourage a response from the other side of the fight. If something really evil did affect you and your house, it might be best to clear the energy in your house and then be done with it rather than going "head to head". It is best to consult a person who is an expert in this field. There are a lot of fakes so, you may have to put some effort into searching for the right one for this cause. The sooner you get this done, the sooner you will see the effects minimizing. Best luck and wishes Question: do you know who is doing this? If you have a photo of the person, this is what I was told to do by a woman who was a good friend of my mom’s. Go to a craft or candle store and buy those small mirrors they have for candles, you’ll need 6, glue 5 together, mirror surface facing inward, creating a box, leaving the last 1- the ‘lid’ off until you have the picture of the person inside the box, once the picture of the person is in the box, glue the last mirror ‘lid’ on, again with the mirror surface facing inwards. The theory is that the picture represents the person of course, and that anything they send your way bounces off the mirrors and back at them. 

Might sound hokey but it works. This lady was from the Haiti and knew her stuff. Our family has used other things she’s told us to do for different things to help us, never to hurt anyone mind you, and the results were all positive. Everything worked exactly like she said it would. She also told us to put an egg next to our front door for 1-2 days and then take the egg outside, as far from the house as possible, dig a small hole, break the egg into the hole (there was actually blood in the egg) and to bury the cracked egg, shell and all. Something to do with a curse or evil eye or something, I can’t really remember. She told my mom to do it and so mom did it. The woman was pretty amazing. Even helped us get our dog back. Truly incredible. Just thought I’d pass the mirror box on. You can choose whether to do it or not. Keep us posted though! For practical steps on astral projection, read art of astral projection by Ophiel.

Easy cleanse is getting cleasing shower. Imagine flow of water washing all bad stuff away. In old days they used rivers to perform exorcism, river literaly washed away the spirit. Try this. Sit in a chair. Close your eyes. Take a deep breath. Feet flat on the floor. Hands separated and resting palms up on each thigh.

Create a grounding cord. This is a line of energy that connects your first chakra to the center of the planet. Your first chakra is a ball of energy about the size of a quarter that sits just in front of the base of your spine. Your grounding cord attaches to the bottom of that ball of energy.

Grounding makes your body feel safe, so you release energy more easily. Gravity pulls whatever you release, even your own energy, down to the center of the planet. No effort on your part. The center of the planet neutralizes the energy and returns it to whoever owns it. No karma for anyone. A virtuous cycle.

Nearly everyone goes to connect to the center of the planet the first time but stops at the soil, often making roots like a tree. This is a method that is taught in some martial arts styles, but it is not the best option for your spiritual development and healing.

So, notice the seat of your chair. Take a deep breath. Notice the distance between the seat and the floor. Now notice the distance between the floor and the soil below. Breathe.

Now notice the distance between the soil and the water table underneath. Notice the distance between the water table and the rocky mantle. Notice the distance between the mantle and the molten core below that. Deep breath.

Notice the distance between the molten core and the center of the planet. That ball of light at the very center of the planet is where you connect your grounding cord. Deep breath.

Say hello to the center of the planet. Do you get a hello back?

Notice the color and texture of your grounding cord. It may look like a line of energy, or look like something physical; a rope, a wire, a pipe, a tree trunk. Adjust it as needed to be in affinity with your body.

Getting this far means you've already released some energy from your aura and body. Now it is time to fill in the space that was created.

Create a gold sun over your head. Have it call back all of your energy from wherever you left it throughout your day and week. Work. School. Online meetings. Video games. Your fantasies about your future. Your regrets about your past. Wherever you've placed your attention. Just watch the energy come back and see if you notice where it came from.

Have the sun burn up and neutralize your energy. Then bring the sun into the top of your head. It will automatically flow into the spaces you created. Create a gauge to measure when you're full. Like a fuel gauge or oil gauge. You'll run better if you aren't a few quarts low on spiritual oil. If the gauge doesn't read "Full", bring in another gold sun.

Open your eyes, bend over and touch the floor, draining any tension from the back of your neck, then stand up, and stretch.

There is a progression with this technique. After grounding for ten minutes a day for a week or two, notice your grounding cord at the very end, while you're standing with your eyes open. Continue to ground with your eyes open and standing, and bring in another gold sun. Each day, increase the amount of time that you ground standing up with your eyes open.

After a week or two practicing this, add walking while grounded. Just notice your grounding cord as you walk. Say hello to the center of the planet while you walk. Bring in a gold sun while you walk.  If you lose your grounding cord, stop walking and recover it. If you have to, sit back down and close your eyes and create a new grounding cord.

After this, you're ready to take your grounding cord with you into your daily life. Shopping. Getting coffee. Wherever you go, you can ground. This, combined with a little amusement about seeing new things on an energy level, will keep you safe and sound.

Now that you're here, at the end of your grounding meditations, create a gold sun over your head. This time, fill it with your highest creative essence, your present time growth vibration, and your affinity for yourself. The first energy is a healing for you. The second is a healing for your body. The third is a healing for your affinity in your fourth chakra.

Bend over and touch the floor. Stand up and stretch. If you're ready for more, sit back down and ground some more. Otherwise, have a nice day!

Note that every image you imagine, the gold sun, the grounding cord, the center of the planet, your first chakra, your body parts, is exercising your clairvoyance. You may be imagining what your tailbone looks like, but you're also creating the image of your tailbone and reading its energy. This is practicing your clairvoyant ability. You could cleanse with white sage and candles.  You could use a pendulum for clearing and Chakra realignment.  Selenite wands can clear energy. You could put rosemary twigs under your bed or pillow for protection and cleansing. Also for a ritual you could put it in a cheesecloth or other alternative and put it under the running water and bathe with it. You could also soak it in water and poor it on you in the shower. r/astralprojection is a real subreddit with regular discussions. My favorite way of cleansing is taking a ritual bath! I surround myself with positive vibrations such as my favorite crystals and stones! I run a bath fill it with Epsom salt and herbs, sage is especially good for cleansing! As well as mint! I also enjoy rose petals for self love ❤️  then I choose a candle, a white candle is great for cleansing but any candle will work! As long as the color corresponds to your intentions, I also like beeswax candles, the balance and cleanse the air as they evaporate whilst synthetic candles usually don't have the best vibes and aren't very good for cleansing. Then I light some form of cleansing incense or bundle, such as sage:)  
Before I get into the bath I ask the element of water to hear my call and to help me cleanse my mind body and soul. Then I ask that she take all my negativity down the drain back to the earth to be returned as positive energy and positive change. Then of course I thank her. I thank the element of fire represented by the candle, for shedding light on what needs to be seen. I thank the element of air represented by the sage smoke and my breath for clearing the air. And the element of earth for stabilizing me. As well as thank the ether and my ancestors for guiding me here! I hope this helps💗 happy healing! [removed] Nope. Never has that happened to me. Every morning I pray and let the knowledge of the universe come in through my crown chakra. Every morning I send that energy into my entire body and then down into the earth. Never has my energy become unbalanced from this That used to happen. It doesn't anymore.

The universe is not just one energy. The energy you are matching and bringing in is not in affinity with your body. Next time you try it, match your crown chakra to the energy of the universe that's most in affinity with you and your body. That should be a better experience.

No big deal really. If you were changing TV channels, I'd say you picked a lousy show LOL! Using the color of your crown chakra to pick and energy that feels good is a useful way to pick a better show. Everyone is different. It could be “growing pains”. As you expand your energy may get more chaotic until you can adjust. It's difficult sometimes to find the right words to apply to a new experience, eh?

Well done, though. You seem to be on the right track for you. 

It might be comforting for you to know that these things were happening anyway, all throughout your life, but you just now noticed them. Sometimes this is called an awakening. That's a little romantic, but it's not wrong. Your antennas have started working, so in that sense, some parts of your spiritual structure have woken up. It's like you've turned on a radio receiver. Now you can hear the news, music, and eventually, you'll start seeing energy, images, spirits. I see this as you coming into your own this lifetime. You're going to be busy figuring stuff out for awhile LOL! But sincerely, well done.

Try this. Sit in a chair. Close your eyes. Take a deep breath. Feet flat on the floor. Hands separated and resting palms up on each thigh.

Create a grounding cord. This is a line of energy that connects your first chakra to the center of the planet. Your first chakra is a ball of energy about the size of a quarter that sits just in front of the base of your spine. Your grounding cord attaches to the bottom of that ball of energy.

Grounding makes your body feel safe, so you release energy more easily. Gravity pulls whatever you release, even your own energy, down to the center of the planet. No effort on your part. The center of the planet neutralizes the energy and returns it to whoever owns it. No karma for anyone. A virtuous cycle.

Nearly everyone goes to connect to the center of the planet the first time but stops at the soil, often making roots like a tree. This is a method that is taught in some martial arts styles, but it is not the best option for your spiritual development and healing.

So, notice the seat of your chair. Take a deep breath. Notice the distance between the seat and the floor. Now notice the distance between the floor and the soil below. Breathe.

Now notice the distance between the soil and the water table underneath. Notice the distance between the water table and the rocky mantle. Notice the distance between the mantle and the molten core below that. Deep breath.

Notice the distance between the molten core and the center of the planet. That ball of light at the very center of the planet is where you connect your grounding cord. Deep breath.

Say hello to the center of the planet. Do you get a hello back?

Notice the color and texture of your grounding cord. It may look like a line of energy, or look like something physical; a rope, a wire, a pipe, a tree trunk. Adjust it as needed to be in affinity with your body.

Getting this far means you've already released some energy from your aura and body. Now it is time to fill in the space that was created.

Create a gold sun over your head. Have it call back all of your energy from wherever you left it throughout your day and week. Work. School. Online meetings. Video games. Your fantasies about your future. Your regrets about your past. Wherever you've placed your attention. Just watch the energy come back and see if you notice where it came from.

Have the sun burn up and neutralize your energy. Then bring the sun into the top of your head. It will automatically flow into the spaces you created. Create a gauge to measure when you're full. Like a fuel gauge or oil gauge. You'll run better if you aren't a few quarts low on spiritual oil. If the gauge doesn't read "Full", bring in another gold sun.

Open your eyes, bend over and touch the floor, draining any tension from the back of your neck, then stand up, and stretch.

There is a progression with this technique. After grounding for ten minutes a day for a week or two, notice your grounding cord at the very end, while you're standing with your eyes open. Continue to ground with your eyes open and standing, and bring in another gold sun. Each day, increase the amount of time that you ground standing up with your eyes open.

After a week or two practicing this, add walking while grounded. Just notice your grounding cord as you walk. Say hello to the center of the planet while you walk. Bring in a gold sun while you walk.  If you lose your grounding cord, stop walking and recover it. If you have to, sit back down and close your eyes and create a new grounding cord.

After this, you're ready to take your grounding cord with you into your daily life. Shopping. Getting coffee. Wherever you go, you can ground. This, combined with a little amusement about seeing new things on an energy level, will keep you safe and sound.

Now that you're here, at the end of your grounding meditations, create a gold sun over your head. This time, fill it with your highest creative essence, your present time growth vibration, and your affinity for yourself. The first energy is a healing for you. The second is a healing for your body. The third is a healing for your affinity in your fourth chakra.

Bend over and touch the floor. Stand up and stretch. If you're ready for more, sit back down and ground some more. Otherwise, have a nice day!

Note that every image you imagine, the gold sun, the grounding cord, the center of the planet, your first chakra, your body parts, is exercising your clairvoyance. You may be imagining what your tailbone looks like, but you're also creating the image of your tailbone and reading its energy. This is practicing your clairvoyant ability. Yes! We all want to say things are coincidental but energy effects flow and the universal equation ticks by in ever flowing accuracy. I might be nuts, you and me might be nuts, let’s go to McDonald’s! But I think when you think something as a tv character says it, when you wish something and you see it on tv, did you see the CREEPY SHIT about Chris Watts in front of his neighbors tv with a skeleton and oil? Yeah everything is preset inside of this massive mathematical universal equation and it’s all meant to be. 

Maybe you’re psychic, maybe you’re deeply in tune with the ever-ticking numbers of the Great Equation. Something is going  on with you. Embrace it, and don’t think twice about things you feel, it might be something extremely important some day. As far as I understand, "just knowing" things about people is claircognisance. [deleted] I venture to say that must be so exhausting if you let it. I say that because I remember watching this psychic from the UK and her advice was that she would literally put a hat on when she wanted to be " off duty" . For her it worked as it set the tone that as long as my hat is on I am not available in that capacity.  Even if you just mentally wear one in your mind and set your intentions..maybe that can help a little? Or at the worst you could just politely tell them you're in a hurry or late..or some white lie to give an excuse to get the heck out of there. Just be kind to yourself, as there are a lot of light suckers out there and you will get so exhausted. Sincerely, a misguided empath. Omg are you me? I can't tell you the number of times people have said, "I've never told anyone this before, but..." or "I don't know why I'm telling you this..." before spilling their guts. I think they just sense you are a sympathetic person and a good listener. Meditation, sleep mask and ear buds.

Obviously you won't be sleeping but when I meditate I use ear buds or I use headphones and listen to meditating music so I block out any thoughts or sounds  that may distract me. don't need to lose focus on whats around. Concentrate. the sleep mask I've been using helps me see things behind my eyelids or in my minds eye. Including faces. People are complete products of their environments. I do mean 100%. So, yes. I don't know what your goals are, but one of the biggest environmental negative influences on children (besides parents) are school systems. In many ways, but primarily influences from peers. I've been to a few different school districts, the smaller ones always seemed much better (though poorer and likley less educational), the peers are better. Yes and yes but it's not always how you would imagine. Some of the greatest healers come from trauma to learn to heal their own trauma. We all choose our environments and parents before coming here to learn specific lessons for our souls development and journey. Well, sure environment has an affect on our mental, emotional, physical and spiritual development.  That said, it's hard to say what affect various environments would have on someone.  Sometimes adversity makes people more psychically open whether or not being psychic equates with one's spirituality is pretty individualistic though. Cities… Not sure but this might help r/remoteviewing I think it depends on the situation. But being able to sink really deep into relaxed meditation helps. Shamanic journeying and obe's help.And it takes practice to discern what's really there and what your mind wants to invent.

Maybe start with shamanic journeying. There are guided meditations on Youtube to help with that.   
Then try obe's.   
Everything is energy and we're all connected. I really believe anyone can remote view with enough practice.  


Good luck! Lookup Monroe institute gateway project. I believe the cia research into this was part of the remote viewing programs. Memorys a bit fuzzy Try and imagine you're in a white room and there's a door. Ask whatever and open the door. Do not think and allow the picture to come. Or you don't even need to imagine a white room. It's quite an easy method and quick. Check out intuitivespecialists.com Lori Williams is a remote viewing instructor and she offers a free 4-day Masterclass series on remote viewing. Check: [https://www.crviewer.com/targets/targetindex.php](https://www.crviewer.com/targets/targetindex.php)

You can practice with hundreds of targets. This is a great site where you can practice your remote viewing skills for free. They also offer training and I think they are quite serious. The main asset of Lyn Buchanans site is this easy to use tool for practice. Each date on the calendar corresponds to a different target. Click on "Feedback" when you're done to see what the target was and compare with whatever you've perceived. Very fun and easy to use. There was a type of remote viewing where you could look out of someone elses eyes thousands of miles away. It takes the skill of the host person though, they are professionaly trained and the link you in via a form of hynotism. Yes!!! Thank you for typing “remote viewing” I have been wanting to research this for 2 weeks and I could not for the life of me remember what it was called.  🤣👍 I just focus on where or who I want to view. It seems to work. Some.of that is involuntary.I see the people I read for without trying.

(They should wait pants). You ever hear that saying about not being on the same wavelength as other people?   

Or have those friends of friends you just can’t get seem to really ‘click’ with? You’ve got the same friends, same interests, same sense of humour, and in theory you should get along like a house on fire too, and yet….you just don’t 

We aren’t all on the same wavelength! It happens when giving readings too, some people you just can’t read, for absolutely no good reason at all, it just doesn’t happen. Life is just like that. Some people are naturally more defensive (and naturally better at mentally shielding & blocking others), some people work at blocking others, illness both physical and mental can block it, tiredness and stress do, being over emotional can do massively. On either or both sides. Sometimes it’s a temporary thing, sometimes it’s more permanent but some people just aren’t on your wavelength and you just aren’t on theirs. some folks have more in common than others. i have more ability with only some of my cousins Hope you guys are having fun. Spirit are everywhere and near you all the time. I can record them in any cemetery,  public places like retail outlets, hospitals, and many homes. etc. Most are ghosts (stuck for some reason) but some may also be from the light. 777.. is mostly from my side yeah Dude I keep seeing the number 777 too…which is why it’s my name😉 Seeing the same numbers frequently is a synchronicity, and a lot of the time they will appear when you are thinking abou/feeling something in order to tell you something about it, such as that you are on the right track, etc. I believe 777 is a good sign, and I’d recommend you to look up something like “angel number 777” or “777 synchronicity meaning”. A definition of synchronicity is, “an event of spiritual significance that ask us to momentarily dampen our self-obsession and consider the possibility of the divine. Synchronistic experiences leave us with a curious sense that we should pay attention.”

As for the dreams and the voice in your head, they are most likely precognitive dreams, which are basically dreams that predict the future. You should definitely keep a dream journal if you aren’t already. Most of my precognitive dreams are about events that happen between right when I wake up to when I fall asleep the next day, though some can be about events months from when I had the dream. Although, if the warnings are about really bad things happening and making you feel scared or depressed, etc, then it may be a negative entity that is going into your dreams. As to where the voice comes from if it really is precognitive, it’s your subconscious/your higher self, although none of my precognitive dreams have downright told me in words what it is, so it might be a spirit guide/benevolent entity for some reason. Any being telling you an exact future is either in a deception themselves or trying to trick you. Maybe both.

You might be able to make an educated guess based on patterns you’re seeing but there’s no way to know exactly what will happen in the future. That’s the nature of the chaotic energy of the universe. Makes things more exciting. Id say listen to them I keep seeing 777, 7777, 77777...for years now, in such intensity it's frightening.
And I have weird dreams too. Compared to average people, you sound very unburdened and free; even just how vividly you can do this while in a conscious state is above average. Many people might have blockages put in place by others, at least according to my recent research, and some people are troubled by spirits doing unwanted things to them.

I've wanted to be able to meditate in peace without sudden intrusions created by other beings, let alone see through my mind's eye clearly enough; yet things can often be staticky. And my greatest dream has been to imagine my own realities similar to how you described, however that's very difficult for me to do consciously. I have seen beings and practiced telepathy with them. Can do it with certain people, some people are like bricks.

Most people who hear me just smile, some have told me they aren't supposed to talk about it. Pretty interesting to practice telepathy with someone and then have them respond verbally as well.

Have also noticed some people's eyes have certain odd qualities, when they appear to me others freak out when they see me - think they can see my aura or whatever as well.

One person whose eyes appeared blue - white dots all over, looked at me and said "you're not supposed to be here" and ran away. 

One person saw floating candy that one of these people gave to me before. I decided not to eat the candy.


Can I see otherworldly entities or something? Lovely. Let's make mediumship (and the world's information flow in general) more efficient:

Traditional mediumship is inefficient because the medium can only connect one person and one spirit at one time. Most people don't know how to get information directly, and the number of practising mediums is small. Let's instead drag people into this newly constructed place where they can send or perceive spiritual information better. Now more people can get connected at the same time and one person communicating to multiple people at once is possible. And unlike traditional mediumship, the entire sensory stream is available for connection.

Enjoy what the world should be like. I want to be pulled into the astral 🙋‍♀️ lol
But also, you might enjoy r/astreality they do fun astral meetup projects you would LOVE. They just had a easter egg hunt on their island for spring! Where they leave objects and others go and try to find them and guess what they left and where. You might even be able to be a huge asset to their events with your AP helper gifts. 

Here is their island: 
[Astrealitys Hoclaros Island ](https://www.reddit.com/r/Astreality/comments/qseh3z/updated_hoclaros_map/?utm_medium=android_app&utm_source=share)
& The Sigil to draw for the portal entrance:
[Island Portal Sigil](https://www.reddit.com/r/Astreality/comments/hp16v1/cleaner_version_of_ukkbolitos_hoclaros_sigil/?utm_medium=android_app&utm_source=share)

The second subreddit that has a location meet up is:

r/AstralArmy 
&their Portal Sigil and location info is:
[AstralArmy Portal Sigil](https://www.reddit.com/r/AstralArmy/comments/7iozi7/how_to_get_to_our_location/?utm_medium=android_app&utm_source=share) Yes.

One time a woman was trying to take my job. At the time I was her boss. I sent her to another state to do some training with an office we had there. A tree fell on her car. The next time she was in a different state, and she got food poisoning. She was stuck in the hotel for three days. She quit.

Things like that happen with me all the time. 

You just have to remember not to be happy about it, don’t celebrate their loss. That would be against Karma. Not sure if it's the same as this but when I feel really angry and disturbed due to someone hurting me or saying mean things, it seems to affect them. I once lent some money to a friend/co-worker inspite of his bad history of repaying the money on time because he was almost begging me to give him money. He didn't return the money at the time he promised. Later, he left the job and when I contacted him about the money, he started to abuse me and said mean things. I felt very disturbed for days thinking this is what I get for helping someone in need. After getting back at him, he did promise to pay the money back soon but that was again a lie. I also got to know that he took money from one of my other friends who I had lent money to on the pretext of giving it back to me but he never did. This infuriated me a lot, I had a lot of negative feelings and anger towards him. Later when I tried to get in touch with him, I got to know that he died in an accident! The person I spoke with also sent me a photo as proof of him being dead in the accident and tbh the accident seemed to be pretty bad. I have a pure heart and feel that if someone tries to mess up with it, I have the ability to curse that person. Defense is better 😉 Listen, wait, just be open. I ask questions. I take directions.

I meditate I will say from my experience. It was a bit hard at first. I tried to do automatic writing but it was a bit tricky. But it got better later on as my heart chakra cleared up more. The first I channeled is my on and off partner's higher self. I meditated and tried to asked his higher self "Allow me to feel your energy".... thus I did and I tried not to think and just let the thoughts come out. Some of these beings had very powerful energy, like it could break open my body as most these were from a higher place. It's just possession in a way but you are in control and can kick them out. Now I don't really do it much these days. Just simple telepathy and reading their energy to know if they are who they say they are. There is a similarity that all channelers share, beside being the Creator, they all meditate. 

Some channeler may take days or years for conditioning to takes its place. While in meditation, while the intellect is silent, the desire to channel start taking place, there is a pressure in the jaw, the body tends to move automatically, one starts to feel like one is reading a book, concepts are being impressed slowly. There will be a pressure in the backnof the head, in the cerebellum, because the higher self or a higher being its sending a narrow band frequency of thoughts, it is the entrance point of conditioning. 

There has to be a desire and intent to serve the One Infinite Creator. This desire is an impetus, a driving force. Avail the self to the Creator within and this shall take place. All in meditation. What does channeling mean to you? Is it a flow of energy or information? Is it allowing another spirit to borrow your body? These things can happen. Mind over matter is a reality. Unfortunately most of us are unaware how powerful are we are.

John I have, I personally could do telekinesis, but I haven't figured out how I do it yet. When my mom gets spooked from a show or anything her tv and devices act strangely with weird screen tears and pauses to a complete shutoff, I try not to let her watch spooky stuff now. Yeah I get this a lot but it mainly makes things fall over or fly about. The other day my girlfriend came to check at me at work because paintings kept falling of the wall and I’d been having an awful day Years ago I would walk into a room and the light blows out. Happened like 4-5 times hasnt happened in a while. This post just made me remember Around the time of my extreme psychic awakening I felt energy or something shoot out of my body in all directions and it make the bed of the mental institution I was in squeak and wiggle and the room shook slightly. This happened twice in about a 10 min period. Hasn't happened years since. That’s cool af! I don’t do that but I once had an electric swoosh suddenly go through my head and the power went completely out! I also asked my spirit guides to prove they were real and asked them to set of my fire alarm and they did within seconds, months later I asked again bc I was seriously doubting and they set it off AGAIN -within seconds! I also feel spirits around me and touch me several times a week. It’s wild [deleted] It’s kus everything is energy including our emotions so that is why it influences everything else around us A long time ago, but was fighting with my mom and a lightbulb literally flickered & fizzled out in our house. Did you know that telekinesis is totally real scientifically speaking?

It's just almost impossible to replicate or control especially under scientific observation.

But telekinesis itself has ben well documented even in animals for many years. Unfortunately, it's almost impossible to control (in the state of today's science). It's a natural phenomenon that usually happens *unconsciously*.

It does happen. We just don't know how. Hahahahahahahaha [removed] Kind of. My tv freezes. sounds like a super-normal ability that can be honed.. I believe its possible Yeah...lights, radios, anything involving cell phone towers.

One time I told my friend how I could turn speakers and lights off and on from across the room. He said I was a witch and if I did it again he'd stop talking to me.Also I come from a conservative Christian background...so I took that as a sign that I shouldn't mess with energy like that. I haven't tried it since.

But yea, intense moods definitely affect the world around me.Everything is energy so it makes sense.. I will explain but anyway, nobody will give a damn about it  so... yawn... We’re all different so if you don’t get that gut feeling, that’s okay, you may just receive information differently and not be aware what your ‘tells’ are, for want of a better word. 

Personally, I find intuition is cool, detached, calm and unemotional, very matter of fact, but anxiety is quite urgent, it’s emotional and repetitive. Intuition (unless I’m actively performing a reading and wanting to tune into it deliberately) is just a thought that appears from nowhere, there’s no train of thought or no discernible track where that that thought came from. Anxiety has a trail. 

If I’m painting and decorating I may be thinking about laying dust sheets, checking my brushes, getting the scissors and masking tape so if suddenly from nowhere I have a matter of fact thought that my neighbours cat is stuck in a shed across the road, that’s intuition. I wasn’t thinking about the neighbour or the cat, I wasn’t thinking anything remotely connected to them, the thought just crashed into my head. There’s no emotion in that thought, although my emotion will follow after the thought when I’m panicking for the cat!

If that thought wasn’t about the cat or the neighbour, say it was a thought I’d kick the paint over and ruin the carpet, that’s anxiety. I was thinking about decorating, my mind is focused on it so I can see a clear train of thought that would lead me to the anxious thought. It’s a panicking kind of thought and it repeats screaming in my head. Anxieties are often fear based. Intuition isn't based on fear. Its more of a knowing instead of beign afraid.

Over time youwill learn how to discern those two better. Intuition for me is just knowing.
Anxiety makes me indecisive.

If I question it and I'm unsure: anxiety.
If I question it and I still feel like it's true/right/going to happen: intuition.

I'm like you, very detached. No emotion to my intuition. So that's why I also cognitively analyze it to tell the difference.

The times it is a feeling it's a flowing blanaced feeling. Anxiety feels stressed, rushed and "bumpy". Haha Intuition is more of a flash. 
Anxiety is more intrusive. 
Dunno if that makes sense. 🤷🏼‍♀️ Completely normal. Third eye in particular is very sensitive and many people like you will instantly feel pressure here. If you continue you are working on your third eye and opening it.

Yes you should continue even if its uncomfortable unless you start getting headache and also don't forget to work on your lower chakras first. They tend to be very neglected. If you ever hear instructions to harm yourself or another, that is psychotic. Psychic attunement is peaceful, uplifting, and supportive. Just don’t go blindly fallowing the words of something. Much love and peace. If you ever hear voices telling you to harm yourself or another, please seek medical intervention. But has an actual radio station tuned in to you. It’s scary and overwhelming. try to think of it not as good and bad, real or non real, but as phenomena that promote love/truth/happiness or phenomena that promote delusion/anger/desire. there is no clear answer, but you may have other useful thoughts as you ponder the question > I've been meditating practicing yoga and reiki so it may be possible?

Those practices don´t mean you´ll develop any kind of abilitiy. If you happen to have a sereve mental health problem that can cause psychosis, please, stop trying to fantasize about psychic issues like abilities and such. If you aren´t able to discern what is what, focus on mental health 1st, Two pieces of advice. 1. Practice grounding exercises. This means honoring your current ego and physical body in a healthy way, whether that be through excercise or visualizing energetic roots that connect you to earth. Sometimes, we can get too caught up with the crown/soul connection that it causes dissociation. You may even access information that isn't really meant for you, and that can lead you astray. Balance is key. This will help with the psychosis. 

2. Work on clearing out energy blockages/unbalanced energy centers. Many times, this can be caused by trauma or fear. And this can block the flow of your energy. Everyone channels energy differently, so some people are more affected than others depending on where those blockages are.  Once you do that, your gifts will become much stronger. This is not something that can typically be done in a day. It takes consistent practice. I'm also connected to my higher self and higher than the higher self, source. We're like radios true, but we are are 'it'. It takes practice, time, logic to understand your thoughts more and where it could come from. I read the energy source of the words I gain to know if it's lower vibe or higher vibe, energy vampire like. Just be a good energy reader, understand how it makes you feel, try to see if there's any 'false' light or if it's truly light by finding the the root. What mental illness are you talking about if you don't mind disclosing? start to meditate I have experience with opening my third eye I started meditating 3 days and then one night I felt this pressure right in the middle of my eyebrow and if it gets to much pressure just breathe but if you don’t feel it then keep practicing Before you open your third eye, make sure you are spiritually awakened and balance your lower chakras so that you are grounded and don't get overwhelmed. Looking at your comments, I'm not sure if it's a good idea to open your third eye forcefully without having some solid foundations. These solid foundations are meditation and a belief system, among others. Awakening the third eye will take a toll on your spiritual and mental strength if you are not ready. It's like asking to join a rally race when you haven't even got your driver's license. It's a BIG risk. But you do you. i think the experience of opening your third eye is going to be different and special for each individual, but when it happens you’ll know without a shadow of a doubt. mine almost popped, it felt like i had finally made enough connections in my thinking and something snapped I hope this helps you Avoid tf out of florinated water. It attaches to the pineal gland.  Im always much sharper the less I drink.  Take magnesium citrate as it will help your body remove it. Hey, at least you're not the only weirdo! 👋 Hi, I'm a weirdo in public too.

I don't have answers, I only have solidarity. I really caution against using psychedelics until one can command their focus & will their energy. At the very least, absolutely microdose. 

3D reality envelopes us like an eggshell. It's both a boundary/limitation, as well as a protective sheath. Trauma & spiritual practice both knock at &/or chip away at this boundary. Psychedelics can blow it wide open, allowing consciousness to traverse far past it. But as this crack allows you to go out, it also can allow things to come in. This is the basis of psychic phenomena. People are eager to shatter this line, but experience & wisdom teaches us to love this line, & to develop a pure sensitive subtle state which allows us to sense the vibrations around this line safely. What you term as an awakening, objectively, could be judged as a breakdown.

So if we pad this premise out a bit and go along the timeline to now, what we are witnessing seems to be along the same lines of disassociation. 

Acting 'weird' as you term it would be perceived to me as acting uncontrollably.

I'd say it's a health issue that you've confused with a few different things. Sure you've probably unlocked some different perceptions, but has it been advantageous to you? Doesn't sound like you are either in control or able to interpret the energy in a healthy way.

Am I totally wrong, before your ego downvotes the f out of me? It took me a long time to get comfortable in public. Out of my 7 year journey into spirituality, only in this last year have I finally fortified myself enough to not be moved by other people's energy. 

Most of that came from yeah, healing myself and teaching myself the power of my belief, and how my negative beliefs were manifesting themselves and working against me. Once I figured that out, and started putting positive beliefs in place... Well, I basically feel invincible now. Nobody can stop me, and I'm the master of my reality. 

It's good you feel full of love tho, idk if you believe in God but they love that. If you're open to psychedelics, I 100% recommend using them to find God, or your higher power/guide etc. Last Christmas I was reunited with God during a trip and it really sunk in the truth around me. It also opened my connection and I can hear them much better now, even sober.

Set your intention ahead of time, like a week. Say okay, on this day and this time I will do this psychedelic (I've only tried LSD and shrooms) and make contact with God. Keep that intention in place and think about what you wanna ask, know, experience etc. God appreciates wanting to make contact, so I guarantee you will encounter SOMETHING good if you set that intention. They'll spill all the tea for you, or at least the tea you need in that moment. Just be open to the answers. I am weird in public.  I choose to not care what others think.  So I randomly ask a person.. hey do you know a tall blond with blue eyes.. oh she passed.  Well what is her name.  Oh Janet. Ok well Janet says she is watching over you and that the bills will get paid and stop stressing.  

*Leaves behind a confused, teary eyed cashier and a line of confused people behind me.*

I often see spirits when out in public and have to be polite and cheery while trying to not appear to weird because i have freaked people out by causing a spirit to become visible to family members and others.  It causes alot of interesting conversations.

Plus im a human lie detector. I can tell when salesmen and others are lying to me. same, i totally feel and understand this. waking up is so isolating. Obsidian for protection, my dear. I agree totally with u/fromtheredwoods, I do not use drugs of any kind. I hate them as they "do stuff" to my physical body.  migraine and stuff. I do not use them.  and in your case and position, I would not recommend them either.

In my experience, have you seen dragon ball?  I do that,  I project fire from my manipura chakra (the one in the plexus) and it surrounds me, protecting me and burning everything that comes to me that should not arrive.

Keep meditating, work on your belief system, and you will get there. for sure.  We are all here for you, u/Ok_Argument1174 You can try LSD to heal any past traumas. Worked wonders for me! What do you mean by being "weird" in public? They tell you you’ve got a curse/been hexed/bad juju/negative energy they just so happen to be able to fix…. For a fee of course. 

They contact you out of the blue because ‘they feel drawn to you’. No really, they aren’t and you really aren’t their ‘beloved’ either..,, 

They want your DOB, full name, mothers maiden name, SS or NI number, 3 photographs and inside leg measurements. Asking for ONE of those should suffice for them to anchor to. DOB may result in an astrological or numerology reading, which is okay if that’s what you want, but not really a ‘psychic’ reading. Asking for all that information should be a major red flag. Don’t give any information you aren’t comfortable with, a good reader will understand. And no, don’t ever give you SS, NI or mothers maiden name out. Keep your wits about you. 

Your ‘reading’ costs more than a months rent 

They want to charge you for a cleansing 

They give you an egg/spirit jar/energy water/white cloth/insert any other prop to bring back in a months time so they can ‘review’ whether you need further services. (The original set up is usually free, it’s when you return they use this prop to claim you’re under spiritual attack, demonic presence/bad energies etc)

They try to upsell you crystals/spells/candles. If you really want to buy X after a reading, source the thing yourself. Plenty of people get conned spending way too much money for what are in all honesty pretty painted rocks that should cost pennies

They insist you need more readings or ‘services’ more than once every 6/8 months 

They tell you they can guarantee your future or claim to be 100% accurate 100% of the times. Especially about future predictions

They say they will draw your soul mate

They claim to be able to remove any blockages that is keeping your soulmate away/money away/stopping you being happy

They post offers on the spiritual Reddit subs asking you to ‘comment ME’ below

They want a ‘donation’ before they’re even done a reading for you

They approach you first rather than you contact them (this applies in person as well as online) 

They ask too many questions (asking if you have a sibling then telling you about your relationship with your younger sister is good, asking if you have a sister, then asking if you get on, then asking how you feel about her before declaring ‘you don’t really get on with your sister do you? Not so good. Some questions should be asked for clarity and to ensure your reader is on the right track)

They ‘read’ things that is openly & readily available information online (if you comment asking about a particular cars details on a car sub here, it’s not rocket science to conclude you may be thinking about purchasing that same car!) 

The reading sounds vague enough that you could read it to a few friend and they’d relate exactly to it too. 

Nothing makes sense on the reading, you can’t relate to anything they say and they still insist they’re right and you’re wrong. 

I’ll add more when I think of them! The only thing I would say do is steer clear of spiritualists who have thousands of followers on Twitter (or other mindless apps) who charge hundreds of dollars for things as simple as divination sessions. A LOT of people get turned away from mystical acts simply because of these individuals whose whole existence is fueled by their spirituality hot-takes on an app. 
I offer readings for free. Of course donations are accepted, but I'd never charge someone for asking the divine/universe questions about their life. Especially when in today's society most people don't have any real connection with the unseen. 

If you want to guage someone's legitimacy, ask them where they get their teachings, how they initiated themselves in the belief system, or how they noticed they had psychic abilities. Trust your intuition. More often than not you will be able to sense bs. I mean. The spirits guiding youand/or universe is  always around. I doubt they would lie to a sincere individual looking for assistance. 

✨️ Big money up front usually means  big BS . if they say they can take away your negative energy or if they charge a lot of money theyre scammers One told me that I was born with a dark cloud hovering above me. I believe that though, as hard as it was to hear. Read into the art of mentalist or mentalism. Knowing the tricks of the trade can help distinguish authenticity from performers. I just know. I thought this said “Physics.” I would watch out for those who are all about $$$.  If they cannot do anything without you showing some money or want to take advantage of the situation with rising rates or ambiguous rates, then they are scamming you.  I went on a haunted walking tour with a very well-known medium who used to be on television.  He said he would not be doing any readings that night and then went on and on about how psychic he is and all the wonderful things he can do.  At no point in the night, did he add to the walking tour except for bragging about his "gifts."  I started thinking to myself, that if this person did have a gift, he would want to make believers out of everyone and we would then happily pay a fee for a reading.  But he refused and just kept talking about how gifted he was and how many spirits he communicated with.  He then told people they could contact him for a $300/hour reading since he was so gifted.  Trust your instincts and if it sounds like a scam, it usually is. In my experience,if they ask questions at all. The good psychics I've been to have never played 20 questions with me lol. They won't consciously (or unconsciously - tho being involuntarily psychic isn't uncommon) react to the movements of your inner world. 

The big secret is that we can all do this.

A fake psychic can be a real psychic, they're just too busy in their head playing the role of one, rather than facing the realities of others, and therefore picking up on their deeper thoughts and energies. It’s pretty easy to tell when ur face to face with them, but lets be honest too anyone who messages you for a read or says they can read you from anywhere, they’re probably full of it you won’t question if they are fake or not, it will be obvious to you. validation is part of their job. By asking them exactly what they feel when they have a premonition, how it translates from spirit to themselves, and how they decipher the message intended. They call it a gift, I sometimes wonder about that. References Period. They are all fake All of them are fake I was scammed by a woman who has a YouTube channel and does readings. She asked a ton of questions and actually just confirmed everything I said. (This was before I figured out my psychic abilities.) I started developing my abilities and unknowingly attracted a demon. I contacted the woman in a panic pleading for her help and she completely ignored me. It was a rude awakening. My Guardian Angel later confirmed to me the woman was a scam artist. I felt so stupid. yes….they charge money No, people have to develop their own judgement and process of discernment. Nevermind the psychic space, so much of human culture is fake and that fakeness is promoted or even originally laid down by the very systems we trust to induct us into human culture e.g., the education system, scientific communities and authorities of all kinds

By now, what is actually fake is so widely believed that good natured people defend their fake beliefs and cling to them as though their lives would only have meaning if what they have learned is true.

So now, from such a mess how can psychics be monitored for quality? Take doctors, we have to be registered on a board or council and this gives people confidence that their doctors know what they are talking about. Together with their dedication to learning and passing exams it also gives the doctor confidence that they know what they are talking about and practicing. However, all of that is fake from another more advanced perspective on health and so in the bigger picture the regulations and monitoring of that profession is meaningless. If you can't meaningfully regulate the healthcare profession, then what chance is there with psychics? Usually if they're trying too hard lol or if they keep nagging you to pay because "the spirits have an urgent message for you". Muscle testing. Read dr hawkins power v force 1. Inauthentic by intuition/ it feels wrong/ like a performance. Claim to be ‘woke’ and use a lot of buzz words; tribe lol. 
2. Claim to be or channel influential people / idols/ Jesus (101 for fraud, the amount of people who apparently can all do this at the same time in interesting maybe Jesus had BPD 😂).
3. Unable to share anything concrete and non-generic about your past. Never trust anyone to provide you insight into your present or potential paths who cannot effectively share about your past. 
4. Play hot and cold with you.
5. Money minded/ offers seem like MLM. They want you to buy bundles of services and offer very little 1:1 live service. I do not do pre-recorded personalised services, this is only adequate for information/ learning.
6. Self absorbed and boast about material things, having a following in itself is not an issue, but how we refer to people who associate with us is telling. 
7. They often spiritual bypass a lot, never address it and share about how their services can rid you of developmental trauma for example. Nope. Get a talk therapist. 
8. They emphasise tools over practice. Don’t get me wrong, we all love a good crystal, but that is not the practice and often appropriates other cultures and practices. They often sell a whole load of aesthetically amazing gear too. I don’t need any cups, feather pens or crystals from a psychic though. 
9. They just came out of nowhere from the corporate world. Often spiritual people are humble and they don’t care about money so they are less inclined to find themselves in these environments for long periods of time before exercising their gifts. Sounds like a nest egg, retirement plan with free holiday retreats to me. 🤣🤣 
10. They spend a lot of time evaluating or bashing others instead of on the work.
11. None of their prior psychic work is robust and they have poor reviews. Or claim to have 100% success rate. I don’t even have 100% success rate controlling how much salt I put in my food. Channeling? OK everybody saying it's "possession" is incorrect. Calm down. You'll be fine. People jump to extreme negatives so quickly.

I totally share this gift with you. I have these same things happen when I do a reading. My voice changes, my mannerisms, everything. Just because you experience this DOES NOT mean you have gotten possessed.

It does mean that you most likely are a trance medium, have some telepathic ability, and some deeply empathic ability. I myself have these abilities. I have done channeling and some physical mediumship as well and I am not possessed. People freak out at what they don't understand.

I really think this is mostly linked to telepathic abilities. Telepathy as most commonly experienced doesn't mean reading peoples' minds--but you are able to read their intentions and their "vibe" very easily.

So questions for you--

Do you seem to "know" people when you first meet them? I mean you just meet them, yet you have a very good idea of what their personality is like? Whether they are trustworthy or not, dangerous, or kind, or high energy/low energy, etc.?

Have you ever answered someone's question before they asked it? Most probably someone close to you?

Have you ever gotten a vibe right away that someone is dangerous and you noped out for no reason right away?

When you do readings for people, do you get the feelings of how they passed? Feel pain in the lungs and find out they had breathing issues? Had pain in the head and found it was an aneurism?

All this is signs of telepathy. It overlaps with the other clairs--but it's like you have more of a direct tie to the qualia (or the direct subjective experience) of another person. You tune into others minds very easily. You may not read their exact thoughts, but you're pretty darn sure of what they are thinking.

Your mind is like a radio tuner that just really easily glommed onto the frequency of the spirit you were talking to. The spirit got excited that you tuned in so well and they went in strong. It doesn't mean you actually let them take over your body. It's more like they are standing right behind you very close, metaphorically speaking, and you're temporarily sharing an aura.

If it gets uncomfortable tell them to back off. Tell them you've cut contact and it's time to leave. Shake it off (literally). Move your body, dance around. Take a walk. Do something YOU specifically like to do and reclaim your space. Imagine white loving light purifying your energy body and aura and know that you occupy your own space and mind and nobody else.

It can be scary, and weird because not a lot of people have this experience/ability. Because it's not that common people freak out and jump to negative conclusions and throw around words like possession, oppression, etc. It's nonsense.

State your intentions to communicate and communicate only before you begin. Make it clear you only communicate with spirit that is aligned with love and light and kindness and compassion only. Protect yourself, then clearly tell them you're done, then cleanse your energy. Channeling…or trance mediumship Channelling (mediumship), or empathic absorption. 

Given that you felt tired after, probably channelling. I advise looking into energy cultivation methods, like qigong. The oracles of Tibet that channel the spirit kings have a shortened lifespan doing this kind of work. It could be many different things. However, control is priority when expanding consciousness and things of the like. It would be wise to have protection of some sort and have firm boundaries. If energy/entities come in and out of you like a convenience store then that’s definitely not good. Although performing Work can sometimes leave a person drained but something like that is most likely something else using your energy. A prudent/cautious way of doing divination or any kind of Work would be to cleanse, protect, connect, Work, cleanse again, and ground. Ask them to step back It's called posession. If you don't choose to do it and control it, it's not good. It is a sign of lack of control of your own astral body and weak psychic defences. The danger is that the spirits may not leave or can infect you with negative energy making you ill or drain your energy causing low emotion, heart palpitations, dizziness, exhaustion or nausea. lMongolian and voodoo shaman are trained to control this. The general rule is don't let other beings into your energy field unless you invite them and control it. Psychic realities offer many amazing experiences, but being amazing is no guarrantee they are safe. The ability is called trance mediumship. It's found in the crown chakra. Trance mediumship is the ability to allow another being to come into your body and take over for awhile. This is different from what are called mediums, which are psychics that can talk to spirit guides and relay messages. It's sometimes called channeling, but that can mean different things, from channeling energy or information all the way to bringing in a being into your body.

Well done on recognizing that a different soul personality has entered your body. Great first step.

If you wish to read people and not bring in beings, you need to be grounded. Here's why:

You already know what it feels like to be high on an energy level. That's the vibration that spirit guides will match and come into your body. Grounding it the opposite in one sense, but more complex than higher or lower vibration conveys.

Try this. Sit in a chair. Close your eyes. Take a deep breath. Feet flat on the floor. Hands separated and resting palms up on each thigh.

Create a grounding cord. This is a line of energy that connects your first chakra to the center of the planet. Your first chakra is a ball of energy about the size of a quarter that sits just in front of the base of your spine. Your grounding cord attaches to the bottom of that ball of energy.

Grounding makes your body feel safe, so you release energy more easily. Gravity pulls whatever you release, even your own energy, down to the center of the planet. No effort on your part. The center of the planet neutralizes the energy and returns it to whoever owns it. No karma for anyone. A virtuous cycle.

Nearly everyone goes to connect to the center of the planet the first time but stops at the soil, often making roots like a tree. This is a method that is taught in some martial arts styles, but it is not the best option for your spiritual development and healing.

So, notice the seat of your chair. Take a deep breath. Notice the distance between the seat and the floor. Now notice the distance between the floor and the soil below. Breathe.

Now notice the distance between the soil and the water table underneath. Notice the distance between the water table and the rocky mantle. Notice the distance between the mantle and the molten core below that. Deep breath.

Notice the distance between the molten core and the center of the planet. That ball of light at the very center of the planet is where you connect your grounding cord. Deep breath.

Say hello to the center of the planet. Do you get a hello back?

Notice the color and texture of your grounding cord. It may look like a line of energy, or look like something physical; a rope, a wire, a pipe, a tree trunk. Adjust it as needed to be in affinity with your body.

Getting this far means you've already released some energy from your aura and body. Now it is time to fill in the space that was created.

Create a gold sun over your head. Have it call back all of your energy from wherever you left it throughout your day and week. Work. School. Online meetings. Video games. Your fantasies about your future. Your regrets about your past. Wherever you've placed your attention. Just watch the energy come back and see if you notice where it came from.

Have the sun burn up and neutralize your energy. Then bring the sun into the top of your head. It will automatically flow into the spaces you created. Create a gauge to measure when you're full. Like a fuel gauge or oil gauge. You'll run better if you aren't a few quarts low on spiritual oil. If the gauge doesn't read "Full", bring in another gold sun.

Open your eyes, bend over and touch the floor, draining any tension from the back of your neck, then stand up, and stretch.

There is a progression with this technique. After grounding for ten minutes a day for a week or two, notice your grounding cord at the very end, while you're standing with your eyes open. Continue to ground with your eyes open and standing, and bring in another gold sun. Each day, increase the amount of time that you ground standing up with your eyes open.

After a week or two practicing this, add walking while grounded. Just notice your grounding cord as you walk. Say hello to the center of the planet while you walk. Bring in a gold sun while you walk.  If you lose your grounding cord, stop walking and recover it. If you have to, sit back down and close your eyes and create a new grounding cord.

After this, you're ready to take your grounding cord with you into your daily life. Shopping. Getting coffee. Wherever you go, you can ground. This, combined with a little amusement about seeing new things on an energy level, will keep you safe and sound.

Now that you're here, at the end of your grounding meditations, create a gold sun over your head. This time, fill it with your highest creative essence, your present time growth vibration, and your affinity for yourself. The first energy is a healing for you. The second is a healing for your body. The third is a healing for your affinity in your fourth chakra.

Bend over and touch the floor. Stand up and stretch. If you're ready for more, sit back down and ground some more. Otherwise, have a nice day!

Note that every image you imagine, the gold sun, the grounding cord, the center of the planet, your first chakra, your body parts, is exercising your clairvoyance. You may be imagining what your tailbone looks like, but you're also creating the image of your tailbone and reading its energy. This is practicing your clairvoyant ability.

If you ground this way to the center of the planet before you do readings, and notice your grounding at different times during your readings, you'll have a much easier time doing the readings and you won't feel drained when you're done. U are being possessed by the guides, not channeling as per others comments. At least it wasn't bad entities. Take control of yourself by learning how to be a better person first before starting on this kind of journey. Shadow work is really important so work on that before starting anything else. Mental illness Possession 101. Lecture and levitation to follow. There will be a test. Sleep paralysis can be scary,  but it's nothing to worry about or to be taken as an omen. It's more of the beginning stages of astral projection.  I get it often and usually entities are around when you open your second body eyes. Ghosts are literally everywhere and it's way easier to see them in an OBE state.

Sometimes your mind will create things to scare you to stay in your body too. 

Don't worry 😉 there’s nothing wrong with what happened and it’s especially common when napping and overly tired. if it’s scary for your boyfriend to not be able to come out of it, know this- breathe heavy and then hold your breath, alternating between the two quickly. it will connect your brain back to your body and you wake up within a few seconds. anyway, hopefully he can get to the point where he enjoys it. many people practice sleep paralysis for astral projection :) He had a hypnagogic hallucination.  It's pretty common with sleep paralysis. People are mentioning beginning of astral projection of out of body experience. They may be right. Also, the seeing the future or past could also be true.

**But the main purpose of SP** (sleep paralysis) is to make us not able to move when we start to dream. Our body does this automatically every time we go into REM stage and start to dream, and it also automatically releases the SP paralysis the moment we stop dreaming or wake up.

Sometimes we can actually notice being in SP when our body fails to notice that we are already awake and it thinks we are still asleep.

People who are activelly trying to AP or OBE or Lucid dream via WILD method are most likely to become aware of this natural phenomena.

It can be scary, because we think we are awake but we can't move, so our minds make up stories to explain this. And that can be scary. At that time we can also have hallucinations which can look like we see our real room or real people around us. Or we see or hear things that are not really there.

*But no, by no means this is anything bad. No omens, no warnings, nothing dangerous is going to happen to you guys.*

You can astually try this out yourself if you feel like it. Lay down and don't move. Just like if yoy were trying to go to sleep. Pretty soon your mind will think your body is asleep because you didn't move in a long time and it will start shutting down the brain as well. But if you consiouslly try to keep your mind awake just by thinking some mantra (prayer) for example : "I want to see SP", you will start experiencing all kinds of strange sensations or visuals, which are normal and they happen every single time we are falling asleep. You will be able to notice them this time, because you are keeping your mind awake on purpose. He had the beginnings of an out-of-body experience. Not a big deal. Sorry that you feel upset about it. The other reality where people go has non-linear time, that's why he saw you. Sleep paralysis is a medical issue. He had a hypnogogic hallucination which is very common with sleep paralysis. This happens because your brain gets confused about whether it’s asleep or awake. It was likely caused by poor sleep due to the travel or possibly stress. When I get sleep paralysis I try to breathe and relax, which usually makes it pass a little more quickly as my body starts to relax. It's nothing scary. 

Try r/astralprojection If you don't wanna see any spirits I recommend not opening your third eye! I used to get like a high walking into a bar from feeling the fun and sexual energy. It could almost be a little addictive for me. But I could also tell well the energy went from intoxicating to sloppy. In that case I’d just leave and go someplace quieter. Or if the energy was off someplace just turn around and try someplace else. Or gravitate to someone whose vibe you are drawn to. first, ground your energy. learn grounding exercises and practice them throughout the day to continuously cleanse your energy. second, clear your aura and keep it clear/protected. it takes practice but you can feel other’s auras without absorbing their energy into your aura. Feeling energy comes from your clairsentience ability in your second chakra. Most folks use this as a form of protection; it helps them feel for threats.  Closing down your second chakra will dial down the intensity of your response to the energy. You'll feel more comfortable.

To close down your second chakra when walking into a club, you need to give your body something else to make it feel safe. That something else can be many things, but the one I share is a specific style of grounding.

Try this. Sit in a chair. Close your eyes. Take a deep breath. Feet flat on the floor. Hands separated and resting palms up on each thigh.

Create a grounding cord. This is a line of energy that connects your first chakra to the center of the planet. Your first chakra is a ball of energy about the size of a quarter that sits just in front of the base of your spine. Your grounding cord attaches to the bottom of that ball of energy.

Grounding makes your body feel safe, so you release energy more easily. Gravity pulls whatever you release, even your own energy, down to the center of the planet. No effort on your part. The center of the planet neutralizes the energy and returns it to whoever owns it. No karma for anyone. A virtuous cycle.

Nearly everyone goes to connect to the center of the planet the first time but stops at the soil, often making roots like a tree. This is a method that is taught in some martial arts styles, but it is not the best option for your spiritual development and healing.

So, notice the seat of your chair. Take a deep breath. Notice the distance between the seat and the floor. Now notice the distance between the floor and the soil below. Breathe.

Now notice the distance between the soil and the water table underneath. Notice the distance between the water table and the rocky mantle. Notice the distance between the mantle and the molten core below that. Deep breath.

Notice the distance between the molten core and the center of the planet. That ball of light at the very center of the planet is where you connect your grounding cord. Deep breath.

Say hello to the center of the planet. Do you get a hello back?

Notice the color and texture of your grounding cord. It may look like a line of energy, or look like something physical; a rope, a wire, a pipe, a tree trunk. Adjust it as needed to be in affinity with your body.

Getting this far means you've already released some energy from your aura and body. Now it is time to fill in the space that was created.

Create a gold sun over your head. Have it call back all of your energy from wherever you left it throughout your day and week. Work. School. Online meetings. Video games. Your fantasies about your future. Your regrets about your past. Wherever you've placed your attention. Just watch the energy come back and see if you notice where it came from.

Have the sun burn up and neutralize your energy. Then bring the sun into the top of your head. It will automatically flow into the spaces you created. Create a gauge to measure when you're full. Like a fuel gauge or oil gauge. You'll run better if you aren't a few quarts low on spiritual oil. If the gauge doesn't read "Full", bring in another gold sun.

Open your eyes, bend over and touch the floor, draining any tension from the back of your neck, then stand up, and stretch.

There is a progression with this technique. After grounding for ten minutes a day for a week or two, notice your grounding cord at the very end, while you're standing with your eyes open. Continue to ground with your eyes open and standing, and bring in another gold sun. Each day, increase the amount of time that you ground standing up with your eyes open.

After a week or two practicing this, add walking while grounded. Just notice your grounding cord as you walk. Say hello to the center of the planet while you walk. Bring in a gold sun while you walk.  If you lose your grounding cord, stop walking and recover it. If you have to, sit back down and close your eyes and create a new grounding cord.

After this, you're ready to take your grounding cord with you into your daily life. Shopping. Getting coffee. Wherever you go, you can ground. This, combined with a little amusement about seeing new things on an energy level, will keep you safe and sound.

Now that you're here, at the end of your grounding meditations, create a gold sun over your head. This time, fill it with your highest creative essence, your present time growth vibration, and your affinity for yourself. The first energy is a healing for you. The second is a healing for your body. The third is a healing for your affinity in your fourth chakra.

Bend over and touch the floor. Stand up and stretch. If you're ready for more, sit back down and ground some more. Otherwise, have a nice day!

Note that every image you imagine, the gold sun, the grounding cord, the center of the planet, your first chakra, your body parts, is exercising your clairvoyance. You may be imagining what your tailbone looks like, but you're also creating the image of your tailbone and reading its energy. This is practicing your clairvoyant ability. Maybe you need some new friends or only hang out with the ones with good vibes. Try this. Sit in a chair. Close your eyes. Take a deep breath. Feet flat on the floor. Hands separated and resting palms up on each thigh.

Create a grounding cord. This is a line of energy that connects your first chakra to the center of the planet. Your first chakra is a ball of energy about the size of a quarter that sits just in front of the base of your spine. Your grounding cord attaches to the bottom of that ball of energy.

Grounding makes your body feel safe, so you release energy more easily. Gravity pulls whatever you release, even your own energy, down to the center of the planet. No effort on your part. The center of the planet neutralizes the energy and returns it to whoever owns it. No karma for anyone. A virtuous cycle.

Nearly everyone goes to connect to the center of the planet the first time but stops at the soil, often making roots like a tree. This is a method that is taught in some martial arts styles, but it is not the best option for your spiritual development and healing.

So, notice the seat of your chair. Take a deep breath. Notice the distance between the seat and the floor. Now notice the distance between the floor and the soil below. Breathe.

Now notice the distance between the soil and the water table underneath. Notice the distance between the water table and the rocky mantle. Notice the distance between the mantle and the molten core below that. Deep breath.

Notice the distance between the molten core and the center of the planet. That ball of light at the very center of the planet is where you connect your grounding cord. Deep breath.

Say hello to the center of the planet. Do you get a hello back?

Notice the color and texture of your grounding cord. It may look like a line of energy, or look like something physical; a rope, a wire, a pipe, a tree trunk. Adjust it as needed to be in affinity with your body.

Getting this far means you've already released some energy from your aura and body. Now it is time to fill in the space that was created.

Create a gold sun over your head. Have it call back all of your energy from wherever you left it throughout your day and week. Work. School. Online meetings. Video games. Your fantasies about your future. Your regrets about your past. Wherever you've placed your attention. Just watch the energy come back and see if you notice where it came from.

Have the sun burn up and neutralize your energy. Then bring the sun into the top of your head. It will automatically flow into the spaces you created. Create a gauge to measure when you're full. Like a fuel gauge or oil gauge. You'll run better if you aren't a few quarts low on spiritual oil. If the gauge doesn't read "Full", bring in another gold sun.

Open your eyes, bend over and touch the floor, draining any tension from the back of your neck, then stand up, and stretch.

There is a progression with this technique. After grounding for ten minutes a day for a week or two, notice your grounding cord at the very end, while you're standing with your eyes open. Continue to ground with your eyes open and standing, and bring in another gold sun. Each day, increase the amount of time that you ground standing up with your eyes open.

After a week or two practicing this, add walking while grounded. Just notice your grounding cord as you walk. Say hello to the center of the planet while you walk. Bring in a gold sun while you walk.  If you lose your grounding cord, stop walking and recover it. If you have to, sit back down and close your eyes and create a new grounding cord.

After this, you're ready to take your grounding cord with you into your daily life. Shopping. Getting coffee. Wherever you go, you can ground. This, combined with a little amusement about seeing new things on an energy level, will keep you safe and sound.

Now that you're here, at the end of your grounding meditations, create a gold sun over your head. This time, fill it with your highest creative essence, your present time growth vibration, and your affinity for yourself. The first energy is a healing for you. The second is a healing for your body. The third is a healing for your affinity in your fourth chakra.

Bend over and touch the floor. Stand up and stretch. If you're ready for more, sit back down and ground some more. Otherwise, have a nice day!

Note that every image you imagine, the gold sun, the grounding cord, the center of the planet, your first chakra, your body parts, is exercising your clairvoyance. You may be imagining what your tailbone looks like, but you're also creating the image of your tailbone and reading its energy. This is practicing your clairvoyant ability. Time. It just takes time. That is awfully vague. Without more context, no one but you is likely to work it out. Just because I think this loved one might be saying to concentrate on living one's life rather than contacting those who have crossed over, does not mean I know what I'm talking about. I advise you meditate and go deep into your own heart to figure out where you are spending your energy that you could put to better uses. Yep. I sense it too. i have come to the same realization; through entirely different means. 

the us dollar is tied to all other national currencies, stock markets worldwide, real estate, bond markets; and more. a collapse in any one could destroy all. and all of them are in significant bubbles now. 

this is the same problem as 2008 (overleveraged banks playing casino)

counterparty risk doesn't matter until it is the only thing that matters

<3 It's hard to say who or why a spirit would do that. It could be just to get your attention about something. Or maybe they were confused as to why you were there blue Yellow Red Purple Green Emerald green Blue Yellow and pink Give it up guy light blue Purple, and thank you! Dark Blue Blue Red ❤️💋🍷 Olive Green Purple Yellow Time. It just takes time. That is awfully vague. Without more context, no one but you is likely to work it out. Just because I think this loved one might be saying to concentrate on living one's life rather than contacting those who have crossed over, does not mean I know what I'm talking about. I advise you meditate and go deep into your own heart to figure out where you are spending your energy that you could put to better uses. Yep. I sense it too. i have come to the same realization; through entirely different means. 

the us dollar is tied to all other national currencies, stock markets worldwide, real estate, bond markets; and more. a collapse in any one could destroy all. and all of them are in significant bubbles now. 

this is the same problem as 2008 (overleveraged banks playing casino)

counterparty risk doesn't matter until it is the only thing that matters

<3 It's hard to say who or why a spirit would do that. It could be just to get your attention about something. Or maybe they were confused as to why you were there blue Yellow Red Purple Green Emerald green Blue Yellow and pink Give it up guy light blue Purple, and thank you! Dark Blue Blue Red ❤️💋🍷 Olive Green Purple Yellow Time. It just takes time. That is awfully vague. Without more context, no one but you is likely to work it out. Just because I think this loved one might be saying to concentrate on living one's life rather than contacting those who have crossed over, does not mean I know what I'm talking about. I advise you meditate and go deep into your own heart to figure out where you are spending your energy that you could put to better uses. Yep. I sense it too. i have come to the same realization; through entirely different means. 

the us dollar is tied to all other national currencies, stock markets worldwide, real estate, bond markets; and more. a collapse in any one could destroy all. and all of them are in significant bubbles now. 

this is the same problem as 2008 (overleveraged banks playing casino)

counterparty risk doesn't matter until it is the only thing that matters

<3 It's hard to say who or why a spirit would do that. It could be just to get your attention about something. Or maybe they were confused as to why you were there blue Yellow Red Purple Green Emerald green Blue Yellow and pink Give it up guy light blue Purple, and thank you! Dark Blue Blue Red ❤️💋🍷 Olive Green Purple Yellow Time. It just takes time. That is awfully vague. Without more context, no one but you is likely to work it out. Just because I think this loved one might be saying to concentrate on living one's life rather than contacting those who have crossed over, does not mean I know what I'm talking about. I advise you meditate and go deep into your own heart to figure out where you are spending your energy that you could put to better uses. Yep. I sense it too. i have come to the same realization; through entirely different means. 

the us dollar is tied to all other national currencies, stock markets worldwide, real estate, bond markets; and more. a collapse in any one could destroy all. and all of them are in significant bubbles now. 

this is the same problem as 2008 (overleveraged banks playing casino)

counterparty risk doesn't matter until it is the only thing that matters

<3 It's hard to say who or why a spirit would do that. It could be just to get your attention about something. Or maybe they were confused as to why you were there Give it up guy blue Yellow Red Purple Green Emerald green Blue Yellow and pink light blue Purple, and thank you! Dark Blue Blue Red ❤️💋🍷 Olive Green Purple Yellow I will walk & reflect my life lessons I have learn so far & upgrade myself ,Also listen to 528hz as it raises positive vibrations ✌ It’s just the energy around specific body parts, their chakras. Mouth could be sacral or throat, eyes third eye, etc. Nobody controls your intuition. Your intuition is the cumulative knowledge of all infinity, it's your direct connection to the universe. 

It is your inner self. It is your soul, timeless and infinite glimpsing itself in that moment. Wow, this sounds very similar to my own experience.. I was having the same problem last week, “it/he” wouldn’t let me sleep and kept trying to tease me and irritate me, I kept asking and telling him to leave but he refused, eventually i tried creating the light around myself and I was actually quite surprised by how well it worked and considering I’ve never really done it before, I envisioned/saw all these pairs of spiritual hands touching the dome of light I created over myself and this thing that was bothering me just very quickly and quietly got up and left.. I’m no expert but it worked for me, I hope it can work for you too. The way some Native Americans taught me is to cleanse your space with smoke.  All you need is a bundle of white sage and a lighter.  Start by opening only one window or door.  Have a firm intention to drive them out of your space.  Walk into the room furthest from that door and light the bundle.  Blow out any flame and get the bundle to smolder and produce smoke.  Walk along each wall and space while wafting smoke in front of you.  Work your way to the open window or door and drive the spirit or spirits through it.  Be sure to cleanse yourself with smoke to ensure that none of them cling to your person.  It is essential that you disable all smoke alarms before you begin. Not gonna happen. Its all you, dude Don't take this wrong, but the best & quickest way to find out is to ask her directly.  Good luck! No need to check.  Properly cleanse the object of what is on it and any bad energies attached to it will be gone.  There are a number of ways to cleanse an object.  You can bury it in the ground for a time.  You can submerge it in a natural stream of running water or the ocean.  You can also bury it in salt.  The author Scott Cunningham wrote a number of useful books and one in particular regarding crystals and metals that covers these procedures. Hey, you can come on over to Canada lol 🇨🇦 maybe the flowers represent the maple leaf!

You can't be sure. Don't worry about the universe. If you want to move to Austria, move. Worrying about past life karma seems pretty silly to me Sounds like you are doing just fine so far.  Psychometry can be interesting.  I am curious as to what got you started in the first place? I have a Question about how you started, my great grandma was a clairvoyant, my mom has abilities although she's never practiced. I also have something but I'm not sure where to start or how to continue. Any tips? He can have a vasectomy! Problem solved! To me, that sounds like a connection to another person. It's not how I experience what I call a vision. But it seems reasonable to me that my brain/body/mind may experience things differently than yours.


For me, visions are extremely rare. When they occur, they are sudden, overwhelming. The best I can describe it is: I *think* no matter what state I'm in, awake or not, my eyes close. Then it feels like both eyes get pulled sharply in one direction, to a single point. And then a vision just "takes over." And I see an event happen as clearly as if I was standing in the physical place. When the vision ends, I always feel adrenaline course through my body. Because until it's over, I can't actually tell that it's not happening to me. Nothing is a coincidence. You were picking up on her thoughts. If she said it right after, you were having the same thought simultaneously. I had this happen yesterday I was staring at seltzer water considering getting it then ten feet from me in a line two woman started talking about seltzer water. It was really weird. So you’re not the only person this happens to. I’m not sure how it happens with strangers but I have had relatives project thoughts to me and me to them recently as well. I was in a restaurant once and the waitress asked me what I wanted.  I had been thinking strongly about the salad with grilled shrimp and red wine vinaigrette dressing, but verbally ordered the prime rib special.  She then brought me the exact salad that I had been strongly considering.  I told her that was not what I ordered, but I had been thinking about this exact salad so I would be ok keeping it.  I could tell that she was upset and knew that something odd had happened.  I left a big tip and thanked her for the great salad.  It sometimes unnerves people when they learn that their thoughts can be heard or that they can hear the thoughts of others.  Be alert to see if it happens again and if it does then you will have your answer. Spirit showed you their true heart and their potential so you, as a friend, could encourage them. Your belief in your friend will help them understand their own potential as well. It is a wonderful thing, a friend once helped me believe in myself. I am forever grateful to her. Bless you, babe, keep up the good work! You should try teleporting to the moon for that sweet kryptonite and then use your super powers to shoot lasers out of your eyes Belief is a powerful thing.

There are various methods of warding against spirits from different cultures that you could use for her room and your home. Whatever you choose, I recommend involving your daughter in it. I think it's harmless even for a non-believer to go "okay sweetheart, here's a magic stone that can keep the brown lady away" and putting a piece of black tourmaline or some amethyst (there are some cute carvings I've seen over on eBay of amethyst fairies) on her bookshelf.

The symbol might be scary for her so I'd hide it, but the evil eye is strongly coming to me for protection in this case.

You can also make a 'monster spray'. Put a piece of black Tourmaline into a spray bottle, add some white glitter (what little girl doesn't love glitter?), and charge water under moonlight or sunlight, whichever resonates more. Add a few drops of lavender essential oil or peppermint. Spritz from the bottle into her room/on her bedding when you tuck her in at night. To help her personalize it and feel part of it take her to get some stickers that she can put on her bottle. The really important part here is the ritual of it - make it with her, have her involved in it so her own power charges it and she knows that there's a feeling of safety from these things. I’m Pyschic medium clairvoyant. Reading this story gave me goosebumps. That’s Spirit giving me conformation it’s truth. The best thing u can do for ur little girl is not to dismiss her. She wasn’t scared so the lady was a nice spirit. The spirit wants to say hi. You’ll have to take each day as it comes. I can feel Ur daughter is very sensitive. I’m picking up she’s very close to u. Like I say. For us children that see things. The nicest and kindest thing is to be believed and accepted. I hope that’s helpful. The spirit lady is still attached to her home. 🤍 Hi,
Hope everything is okay.

I use to see spirits when I was younger but it goes away so don’t worry too much about it. I was around her age when I started seeing them but you have to remind her that nothing can hurt her and that you’ll always be there for her. My parents would put Quran that would be on repeat in all our rooms to get the encounters to stop and it did. But I know everyone’s religion and beliefs are different so you do whatever feels right🙏🏻 My daughter just came to me crying 2 nights ago as well, she’s 12. She saw a manlike shadow next to her bed, she went to the bathroom and she saw what she described at lights in there. She sketched it for me and it looked like symbols in my opinion. 
I myself have been dealing with these spirits/demons for a few years. They keep being sent to me. They just try to annoy me and bring chaos into my life and problems. The more and more it happens the stronger I become and they leave me alone . 
I spoke to my daughter and told her not to be afraid, they can’t curt us. I was as open as I could be with her for her age. Did not want to overwhelm her. She slept with me that night and last night she slept in her bedroom again as if nothing happened. Talk to her and explain things. She will understand. She will be a mentor because she sees spirits. I was like this myself as a child. My grandmother and father helped me understand. They helped me know that spirits are not dangerous.

If you’re not sure how to treat this join the r/mediums group and ask questions. They can help and support you. Both of my sons (3 & 5) are very connected to the spirit world and as I’m understanding and learning more, the newest-to-earth-in-this-lifetime souls are. We smudge weekly or when we feel led to and I have my kids do it with me. We also take energy cleansing baths (1 cup sea salt/Himalayan salt, crystals, fresh fruit, herbs) when either one of the kids seems to be going through something or experiencing more activity. 
I have also taught them both to put their “protection bubbles” around them when they feel nervous or scared. Have them envision themselves in a bubble that is emitting bright white light. Nothing bad can happen inside that bubble- they are protected from anything and everything. You can make it into a game even! 
As others have said, keep an open conversation and believe what she sees and has to say. 
Everything will be ok! When I was a child I would see spirits and shadow people all the time. Best thing you can do is listen to her, validate her, and let her know if she ever gets scared to pray, pray that the light touches them and they’ll go away. Best thing you can do is teach her not to be frightened of them. Children learn by how adults act. Don’t convince her she’s not there, acknowledge that she sees the spirits, and reassure her they mean her no harm, and they just are curious to talk to her / see her because normally, people can’t see them. 

The best thing to do is not to be scared of them. They can feed off that energy. If they’re bothering you, tell them politely this is your home and you’d like them to leave. If they’re quiet and don’t bother you, just leave them be. I personally feel like most of them just want people to acknowledge that they see them Lots of good advice here. I’m also wondering if you could hire a medium to come and talk with Ms. Walpole and maybe help her cross over. Or at least communicate to her that she needs to stop scaring the little one. Weird idea but - have you considered playing gregorian chants (catholic) at night? You could sage the house, get the house all smoked up, every corner nook and cranny.  It will stink for a while but it should calm things down do not force them to sin. spirits are awesome if you know how to talk with them. remember they appreciate perfection :) Anxiety is said to manifest sometimes as recurring dreams (which if you've been feeding the anxiety with more anxiety about the dream's possible meaning, is probably going to get worse.)

Sometimes dreams are just dreams. Not everything is a sign and not everything has to be a sign. I used to have dreams like that.  They ended when I practiced lucid dreaming.  The scenarios would repeat until I became aware I was dreaming. I sent you a message. I might have some answers for you. I would say that was likely your higher self telling the intrusive thought to go away. And perhaps a message for you to let go of this crush or jealousy to some degree. Clearly seeing this post and knowing your crush is with someone else doesn’t help or benefit you in any way. Go away, is there a trip you have been thinking of taking by chance?

Perhaps Go away is a message to get away for a bit to relax and maybe disconnect from social media.
Might seem harsh but I'd recommend delete or at the least temporary block this person, so you can have a more clear focus of other things and people around you. I’ve been in this position more than once, never revealing until after to the crush, instead turning it into a symbol of how I want to love myself. To become the version of me that I deserve... even though it started as becoming the version of me that I’d deem good enough. My guides have come through in my most desperate times, grab hold and meditate in. Ask questions and take note of how it feels It’s OK to have crushes on people who are inaccessible in this life. You probably know her spirit. She may even be in your spirit group. There will be a someday. As long as you make clear (by saying it out loud if you like) that no entity is allowed in your house without your express permission, and as long as you are not afraid, you should be ok. I know it can be hard to not be afraid sometimes, but negative entities feed on fear. They cannot hurt you, so there is no reason to be afraid. It can be helpful to do something ridiculous when you feel scared, like a silly dance or voice or face. It sounds weird lol but nothing drains fear and the power it has over you like laughing does IMO. 

Also I did a sage cleansing on my house once when things were getting really bad, my kids were afraid every night and kept seeing the same entities i was, even though i didn't tell them about it. Since the sage, things have been totally normal. My kids can sleep at night. It may be a placebo effect, like all that really matters is your intentions and will power of thought, the sage is just a tool to help you believe and visualize protecting your home from negative energy. Understand that wherever you are, there will always be spirits around you. Some for your protection. Angels are always present to assist us in the spirit realm against attacks aimed to take us down. 

Through meditation, you become more sensitive to that realm. You’re going to be okay as long as you don’t attempt to communicate with any of these entities. It is quite often that if you can accurately detect the presence of another spirit other than your own, sometimes they get happy and encouraged, and want to reach out to you for communication. 

This is highly spiritually dangerous, so I don’t advise you to attempt to communicate with them. They could be deceased persons, or some other spirit. You may, or may not know them. If you ever feel harassed by them, just tell them sternly to leave. For the most part, I don’t think they want to hurt you. But you must claim your space and ground. Ask for protection when you feel vulnerable like this. I ask God every day for protection and thank Him every day for protecting me. I also like to ask Archangel Michael for protection. It’s very cool when I ask Archangel Michael because not only does he protect me but I channel his response to me - my head nods. Protection.

I smudge and create protection in my prayers. Look for a guide to this online. We all make mistakes, that is how we learn.  Sage works very well to cleanse a space.  I used to put rock salt at my door thresholds and window sills once I cleansed my space with sage.  Salt can act as a good barrier to unwanted spirits.  Another substance that blocks them is iron that has been properly charged, but that is a bit more complex in nature. "I love you.  I always have been with you and always will, life to life and after. Till the end of time and in the otherworld." All of the guidance they have given me doesn't hold a candle to that. "the way you are is not a mistake" I was in a really dark place a couple months back and I was saying horrible things to myself and my guide kept repeating “you are so loved “ over and over again. It’s the one thing that has stuck with me since . I appreciated my guide so much for that because for once I truly believe that I am loved . “You are so much stronger than you know, you have so much more potential than you realise. Believe in it and believe in yourself. Take back your power and be authentically and unapologetically who you were meant to be. Nobody and nothing can ever take that from you, only you can block yourself and only you can set yourself free. You never make mistakes, you only learn lesson, and you are always exactly wherever you are meant to be” “Don’t be so harsh on yourself”. They keep reminding me of that. You are a light in the illusion. "Every life matters and every life is important." 

\-Metatron “You can’t fix everyone.” If I’m overwhelmed I always get “slow it down in your mind, take it one thing at a time. You can.” “As you take action on your path all the rest will fall away with ease”- on addiction 1) "We are all sparks of the One Flame, we are the Universe experiencing itself."

(We are all a part of the Divine, to know others is to know yourself.)

2) "You have chosen to live this life as you are, because you have the strength to meet these challenges."

(Basically, I chose "hard mode" because 'I haz the skilz'.)

3) "There is no source of infallible knowledge, every entity you meet is limited by their own boundaries and therefore cannot tell you everything with certainty."

(Only the One Flame, Divinity, the Universe... however you identify the Unity of All... has infinite infallible knowledge.
All the sparks separated from Source, do not have either infinite knowledge or infallible knowledge, and may not have access to either.

That's not just us Earthly beings, it counts for our guides and Angels as well.

That's *not* saying our guides don't have knowledge that we don't, but a reminder we may have knowledge that they don't.

Vast knowledge and wisdom still isn't infinite.

Or another way of saying it: the more you know, the more you're aware that you don't know.)

4) "His"  name: Trechor Flameheart.

(It "means" or "translates" into "Three Hearts, Burning Passion".)

5) Worrying about being a man attracted to other men is silly.

(This one I don't remember a direct quote for.)

What he explained to me is that since we are all just souls "trapped" in an earthly vessel, our bodies don't matter.

We are who we are not because of our plumbing but in spite of it.

While you might be drawn to an attractive presentation, a pretty package won't hold your interest if you don't like the contents.

I've found that true: my eyes may be drawn to a handsome man, but if he's a shithead I lose all interest.

Enough rambling, I'll leave this here. “Fear is a human concept. It doesn’t exist” 
“The brightest will always attract the darkest” “Why do you let people keep you from doing what you love?”

“The Eagle is your guide.” Just be patient, in regards to fulfilling my musical pursuits. And also "keep going, you have the strength, everything is going to be just fine" while going through terrifying health concerns.

It is amazing to feel the love  ❤ “Feel it and be free”.

I went through a rough break up. The grief would hit in waves. And every time a wave of pain would crash into me, threatening to swallow me whole or pull me under, my guides would say, “feel it (the grief, the pain) and be free”. 

Free of him, free of the pain and toxicity of the relationship, free of the endless cycle of devaluation, discarding, hoovering, and reconciliation, only to go through it all over again, for seven years. Finally I was free. But I had to feel the pain and not succumb to it, not go back to him just because it hurt. They were right. "There are no chains."

Bit you need some background to understand 

My experience with my psychic abilities has been traumatic in many ways. I get a feeling of pain in my chest, throat closed, a feeling of incoming death and doom. Then someone dies in a traumatic way.

One time I this feeling as my mom was about to leave for work. For the first time I knew who was it directed to. I begged her not to go. She went anyway. In the hospital she worked at some ahole mixed random substances in a bottle and left it laying around. My mom opened that bottle and the fumes kicked her out. She couldn't breathe. No medicine was working, even adrenaline. She felt she was dying. She felt black tendrils invading her body then, all of a sudden, a wave of green healing energy that pushed back the tendrils and healed her. She began to breathe again and recovered.

It was me. Even though I blocked astral projection because I was scared of it, at some point I traveled to her. I saw her laying down in the hospital emergency room, I saw her suffering, I knew she would die. I threw all I had at her, green healing energy to save her.

When I found out that I had saved her, I felt guilt raising to my chest. So I could have saved all these other people? They died because of me? For years I tried building walls. I didn't want to know, I didn't want to feel it, ai didn't want to fail other people.

I started working through my feelings, have done lots of work and I'm still figuring it out, peeling down one wall at a time, when an owl started showing up in my meditations. The owl was there to guide me to the being that allows me to have these abilities. But I couldn't fly with them. I just couldn't. 

I met a medium in absurd circumstances and she told me she saw a woman near me that gave her three messages. There are no chains was her last message. It changed my perspective. All the walls, the fears, all of it...I created for myself and was only my doing. There is nothing actually holding me but myself. I'm still working through it, I'm 9 months pregnant and it seems that we've hit the pause button expect for a few things. But I'm looking forward to working through these feelings, free myself and find out what these abilities actually entail and what I can do with them.

So far I know that they're stemming from Hecate, and I'm connected to her from previous lives, where I helped like I'm supposed to do now. We'll see Sex is spiritual and to not let my body be used. "What if you didn't have to change who you are or how you feel at all? What if you don't need to dismiss any of that because it is real, it is in fact true and real to you. But, would it hurt to just change the way you tell your story? Without changing your experience at all, just change how you've told the story to yourself." “You are not alone. You were never alone.” “You’ve always been good.” 
As I was in a healing session regarding religious trauma. "Share the light". Reminded me that I came here to serve. And the best way to do that is to fill up my cup first, even if it looks selfish or apathetic to others.

Also, the best way to heal the world is to heal yourself. It creates a subtle domino effect. Be patient. It's all coming together exactly as it should. “Nothing is as it seems” The root of all compassion is recognizing others' pain. Even when a person commits a terrible act, they have pain. In this way we can have compassion for all. We have compassion for their pain. Not their act.

When we recognize others' pain and show compassion in even the smallest ways we alleviate pain and spread peace. This is how we find joy; through the service of compassion and the act of expressing it. Love how all your guides have so amazing things to say meanwhile mine say things like „you are better than this“ „get your head in the game“ and my favourite „bitch“

It’s all good that’s my way of communicating so they just tell me how I need it to understand. Just thinks it’s funny. ‘You don’t need school or books, you need to learn how to connect’ (I was considering grad school and asked why I’m having trouble studying for entry exam) “Seek first the kingdom” or the awareness of God as All things and to me this means make this the focus of life and then life falls into place naturally I can't add anything here that I am aware of. I met someone off of reddit a couple years ago who 'knew' hidden things about me and claimed to be my 'guardian angel'. He had old books, spoke about sacred geometry and told me I have 'abilities' that he'd teach me to use.

He had a FB page and after he disappeared, I went over his FB posts and about a year before I met him, he changed, and his FB friends pointed it out. He started talking about paranormal stuff. The call to me about a week before his disappearance (off FB too and people are asking where he went but no reply), was with him freaking out about a federally marked car riding close to where he lived.

No one has heard from him since December 2020. I'm not sure who or what he is or became but he had some gifts. Love them anyway. "What you see is a reflection of your own energy. What do you *wish* to see? Where are you choosing to look?"

"It is what you make of it."

I don't normally hear her, but I heard this while in sleep paralysis once as if whispered right in my ear:

"I looooove you\~"

So simple, and such a sweet gesture. "Nothing I ever told you, and will tell you is a lie. That doesn't mean however that it is the truth.
Existence is to vast, and reality to frickle, for absolutes.
Learn to see the vicissitudes of life, to adapt your ways of perceiving how your story unfolds." That they are all thought forms but so are we that we really are all one,  but a aspect of everything that within us is the macrocosm and we are the  microcosm to existence we should never feel alone we simply need to be aware of our connection to those we love and those who love us because its a part of us that our awareness can be a blessing or a curse its up to us. That this world is a bridge between other places. That life is a light in the darkness. "knowledge is intrinsically powerful. Ignorance is futile" You don't have to be a channeler to receive clear messages from your guides

Also channeling is dying out now because the information coming thru isn't anywhere near 100% accurate This wasn’t my guide but while speaking with them through a pendulum and letter circle. I got a message saying “Do you like the robot voice?” I knew this wasn’t my guide because they know I always have Reddit text-to-speech videos on in the background. I say “I’m sorry but I’m not ready to talk to anyone who’s not my guide or higher self, but yes I do like the robot voice”. The pendulum says “I like fat bong rips”. I laughed so hard and immediately knew it was the guy who overdosed in my house before I bought it. When I moved in I would constantly smell weed. I thought it was my roommate (who didn’t smoke). The last time I smelled it was so strong that I threw open his door yelling “ARE YOU SMOKING WEED IN HERE?!” He jumps up and says “I thought YOU HAVE BEEN SMOKING WEED!” We both freaked out because the smell went after a few seconds after we acknowledged it. Anyways, that’s how I found out he was a good spirit and helped protect my house. “They are your coven” It's more about what you are looking for and find. So if you had to look, what would you look for? To solve all problems the answer would do. Love is the answer and solution, it can even be felt. We will always accept you for who you are and we are very proud of you "You felt stuck for so long.. because you were meant to pop up at the exact right time." The most powerful form of service is creation. The more powerful the creation, the more powerful the service. You chose your family. The families you were born into were not a mistake no matter your experience. Lol Good to see. I reply with, if you actually knew what the fuck you’re doing, you’d know I don’t need you. At all. Wait for a reply so I know they saw it and block and report them. 

I found one that has multiple accounts and weirdly talks differently between each account. The names are similar tho. I ask and yeah, alt account. Thanks for the info so I can block you all!

Thanks for the message! I’ve heard lots of stories about children being naturally more sensitive than adults, because they’re closer to the veil or because everything is so new to their lives. Since you have a family history of these gifts (which, if they’re hereditary, are typically passed through the maternal line), I wouldn’t be surprised if your daughter has inherited some of your abilities! 

Also, according to some folklore, a 7th daughter or son is naturally blessed with exceptional healing abilities. Fun fact since you mentioned six aunts. I used to get the occasional ringing which is kind of annoying.  For me, it progressed to hearing entities speak fluently.  Many psychic gifts are hereditary in nature.  I am of the opinion that most anyone can learn to develop psychic ability.  It is nice to see that you are accepting of your gifts and eager to move forward with them. I have experienced something similar this a few times in such a state. Music or lyrics i havent ever heard before in my waking life Yes, it was extremely beautiful I am a Death Doula. We use harp music to help the spirit leave the body and transform. Music is extremely good for the soul Yes! Many times 💕 I have had this happen as well and made a post about it. Apparently it happens often. YES.   I heard beautiful melodic singing like from the heavens.  Around the same time, I heard a child's voice calling me "Mooom".  I was told it was the spirit of a baby I miscarried soon afterward.  Several years later I ended up giving birth to her :) Trying to practice more, offering free readings(3 people) :) Hello Everyone,

   I'm offering readings for a few folks tonight! If you're interested in a reading please feel free to PM me! These of course are free but I'm only going to do a few! Let me know if you'd like one! ☺️ I can do love, family, and money readings as well as what's to come readings! Have a lovely day! 

Light to you! 🌙
Vixova [removed] I've read the rules. I do not charge for readings. I am offering 3 readings (psychic or medium readings). I do my readings over Zoom. You can definitely have your camera off. If you are interested please reply to this and I will choose 3 I feel drawn to. [removed] [removed] Offering a free ONE question YES/NO reading.
I wouldn’t feel comfortable answering questions on legal issues, health, pregnancy and third party love situations.

Please PM to ask the questions as I tend to miss out on notifications on the post! Hello! I'm hoping someone sees this. I'm feeling very lost in life, can someone please give me a reading? Message me if interested in readings! Multiple available. interested in a reading if anyone feels drawn. if not I hope you have a lovely day :D Hello! If anyone feels drawn to me I am interested in a reading Some call them agreements, some call them contracts. I believe we have friend groups in the afterlife, we constantly reincarnate with most of these same friends. Sometimes we may only see them once in passing, but it triggers a feeling of knowing and something new to come along in our paths. If this unknown one kid and not the group struck you like this, then yes this could be y'alls little arrangement and what sparks your awakening. Trust what your gut and heart say before your brain. Keep going. I’m thinking this is one of the spirits that you have decided to connect with before you came into this life. You have probably been together through many lifetimes. You can let him go because you will see him again. I'm not saying your feelings are wrong and I've definitely felt connected to someone I didn't meet before their death (it was a different case - it was someone who committed suicide and I kind of saw their body... It shook me very much). 

But also be mindful and open to the idea that it may not be that same person at all (maybe a trickster spirit, maybe another kind of entity... Maybe - I'm always open to this as well and I think we all should - it's just your emotions). 

In my case I was able to get a lot of confirmation from what that spirit showed (I didn't see if it was a male or female body because it was covered, but I felt a female energy. I felt that the person was older and alone... And it was all confirmed when I was able to talk to someone - alive - who knew her). 

If you can't get that confirmation, I wouldn't dig deeper. I don't mess with spirits I don't know. Even in that case I sent that person a lot of love, lit a candle for her and parted ways. The only spirits I allow in ars my family members (i don't put guides in the same category as spirits). [removed] This is intriguing to me! I may need to get a board soon. Silly question and please forgive my ignorance, but are these boards the same as ouijji?  I used ouija in the past with extremely accurate results, but was advised to never use one again, so I haven’t. It's clairvoyance and you're a psychic medium, most likely.  What you have described is extremely common in my life. I see hundreds of faces a day in my minds eye, mostly in the early morning or at night, often when falling asleep. Ive seen some native Americans too and also heard them playing music when I got so deep in my channeling that I was become aware of the astral plane. I do channeling of hundreds of spirits of humans or other entities through a portal in my head and have no real boundaries so I also see them when channeling. It can be terrifying and really hard to sleep some nights. I've seen little vignettes of people being murdered replayed for a few seconds in myinds eye too. Sometimes it comes more as a video  Some of the worst energy I ever came across was a guy staring at me from an electric chair. People from all time periods and in all states of condition emotionally. Sometimes their head is half cut off and they are wandering around in a totally confused state and other times they're mostly fine and just missed going to the other dimension. I have also seen non-human things and felt the energy of extraterrestrials or other non-corporeal entities. 

But yeah what you are experiencing is normal clairvoyance it's just your time to start having it. Things that are considered supernatural are actually just normal human abilities relating to evolution. I got woken at 2am in the morning by a shadow person solid, my fight instinct kicked in and I took to them (her) with a pillow that was going right through it for a good 2 mins miss was frozen on the bed who seen them also.
I ended up standing inside of it having a go till it went. My bed time is my time I do not take take well to been woken up like that 😔 This a natural process,You are just transforming to your better empowered self..
Just stay calm and Don't talk about your experiences to people who are not capable to get insights on whats really happening to u as this can lead to misunderstanding..

As time passby you will find your tribe you are inclined to with people who are like minded ..

Just stay calm & keep on learning inwardly..

My pov✅ It's sounds to me like that checks out. If words are popping up in your head, then that might be psychic downloads or maybe claircognizance.
I've heard a lot of advice on this to just trust what's coming up and try to practice it. It shouldn't be hard to find intuition tests, and learning more about what you've been experiencing is definitely advised.

Idk anything about soulmates or twitching, but doing some research on it will likely help. The description you’ve given of thoughts just popping into your head sounds very much like how most of us describe claircognisance. It’s like a thought that crashes into your head from nowhere! The best way to try and strengthen & hone this skill is by having a regular meditation practise. We have an article on the sub WIKI FAQ that covers this as well as grounding, shielding and blocking, all essential skills for the more sensitive. 

As far as your soulmate goes, relax! Not everyone believes in the concept of soulmates, and those that do accept that a soulmate may not be the wonderful lifelong all encompassing love & passion experience that popular culture likes to portray it as. Regardless of your beliefs, if you believe your soulmate is on the way, just relax and get on with your life. Do what you usually do, how you usually do and see how the future unfolds. Manifesting one's soulmate against their freewill will result in a karmic relationship that will leave you unfulfilled to your expectation(s). 

Remember we are merely mirrors. Work on your shields and get into a good habit of cleansing your space every once in a while. The more you progress on this path, the more visible you become to spiritual entities, and some may be curious (though some might be hostile. So work on your shields.)

Another one... if you do encounter a hostile spiritual entity, they may try to trick you into thinking your shields/defenses have failed by projecting images into your mind to make you lose faith in your capabilities, and thus weakening you. Don't fall for it. It's just a trick. Reinforce your shields if you must, but remember that these things can be quite intelligent and crafty.

And one last one. If your thoughts start to betray you, and start to say hurtful/harmful things, and they won't stop, it's time to talk to a doctor about them. Start keeping a journal of your psychic dreams and be sure to date them. They are guiding you. They may also help keep you safe. God speaks to us through these means among other things. 

Disregard nothing that you see while dreaming. Not everything we see in dreams have meaning, but by writing them down and studying them, you may eventually be able to know when a dream is a premonition from a dream just influenced by something mundane you’ve seen or thought of in your wakeful state. This describes my experiences to a T. I often have mundane dreams and then I will find myself in the same situation in real life. I’ve experienced these dreams/situations for my entire life. I’ve always wondered if my consciousness is simply traveling to other timelines in my sleep. If this is some type of psychic ability, I would love to know what I can do to strengthen it. I’m curious if there are other explanations You will learn as you progress that time is nonlinear in nature.  When I was a kid, it was stuff that happened minutes later than I perceived it and I was awake for it.  As I got older it became events that were days, then weeks, then months into the future.  Nowadays they are events that are years into the future.  I am currently in my late 30's.  In my case, it is hereditary as my aunt who also has this ability told me I had the gift when I was in my early teens.  My other relatives dismiss my aunt as crazy until she predicts things that happen later.  Kind of hard to ignore it when the results are definitive. We all have the Claire’s. This is just another form of intuition. I prefer the term intuition to psychic. The way to grow your talents is to use them. I haven’t found a Claire that I couldn’t get used to. When you ask what is the worst, I can’t think of one. But when you say which is the best… Both clairvoyance and clairaudience are the ones I find the easiest to work with, therefore the best for me. But remember, everyone is different.

Clairsentient (clear sensing) – body sensations such as tingling, warmth, cold, pressure, or pulsing

Clairaudient (clear hearing) – words, sounds, music, lyrics, or phrases

Clairvoyant (clear sight) – sights, colors, textures, images, moving scenes, or objects

Clairalient (clear scent) – scents, odors, or smells

Clairgustance (clear taste) – tastes such as bitter, sweet, or metallic

Clairempathy (clear emotions) – emotions, feelings such as anger, love, joy, sadness, or peace

Claircognizance (clear knowing) – inner knowing, where it just appears in your consciousness I think we're born with certain talents, and they grow with us when we use them. I don't think it's possible to develop clairsentience if you were born with clairaudience, for example. 

I mean it could be possible, but I think you'll have better luck identifying what you already have a knack for, and building on that. I have a combination of 3, being able to physically feel things, feeling emotions, and just knowing things. 

Whatever you decide to do, make sure you have a solid foundation for yourself spiritually. The only risk I can imagine is just being slowly overwhelmed from the stimuli, but again, if your energy is good, and you're in a good mindstate to handle it, you should be fine. I can see a news article or read something and put myself where the author or story went. As in,  if there’s a story about abuse, I have a 50/50 chance of trancing and experience(see, smell, taste, hear, feel) what the abuser felt and thought AS WELL AS the abuser. So I am super selective of what I subject myself to. My friend keeps the news on all day so I have him change the channel when I’m around. That sucks in epic proportions considering almost all news these days is war and bad stuff. 

So, whatever that’s called, don’t do it. Clairalient was very strange when it first got stronger in me since I could smell people through the mobile phone which was very intense when using instagram. Now I dont use that platform so often because it just feels weird af lol

Also clairempathy is crazy. Many people are very anxious and it actually feels really bad being around them. Real happiness is rare in the big city I live but when it happens it feels so amazing.

I guess all have their more or less enjoyable sides All clairs can get annoying when they activate at random. Like I'm clairsentient (the body one, never remember the name). I'm pregnant, and a couple of days ago I woke up to pee. When I was done with my business, I got a strong feeling of fear and danger in my body, which activated fight or flight response, and I wasn't able to go back to sleep till 6. My friends cat was run over that night.

I am mainly clairsentient, claircogizant and clair...the feelings one. Sometimes clair...sight pops up when I receive a message from a spiritual being, when they want to indicate a specific place, person or event.

It's difficult, but I'm trying to get a hold on them, after more than 15 years spent to fight them. It can be a mess. 


*Trigger warning death*
 When someone is about to die tragically my clairsentientcy (is it a word?) Goes crazy and I feel pain. Thing is with most of this feelings I don't know who/what they are related to. Sometimes I feel guilty I didn't save them. And it's a heavy burden to have on your shoulders.

So yeah clairs can be useful, cool and all, but can also be a pain They all have pros and cons 

But I would like to take this opportunity to vent about clairtangence when I’m eating. Seeing the entire animals life while chewing is depressing and has changed what I’m consuming and from where and how often. I get completely depressed with red meat and rarely ever have it, but chicken is easier. I have health stuff so I have to eat some meat or I would cut it out entirely. 

But also seeing the entire plants life can be annoying too. Particularly the hands picking it is an odd visual/sensation and the packaging or transportation after that.

Love my gifts though and I love helping people with them. So the annoying stuff is worth it, but it is trippy Clairsentience. 

Sense: *boy's name* 

Me: I know yes he's nearby and thinking of me

Sense: *boy's name boy's name boy's name*

Me: oh god *hates life for rest of the work day* Learn Tarot and do readings.  At the start use the textbook meanings for the cards.  I use the Rider Waite Radiant deck.  As you become proficient allow your intuition to come through.  Listen to the little voice at the back of your mind. Speak out loud what it tells you.  That’s when your readings with become more accurate and you’ll know and say things that you couldn’t possibly have known. I knew someone would die my eighth grade year. I wrote long journal entry on my dear friend and sobbed. Had feeling in lot of my stomach constantly. She died not long after.

I could never see my sister as an adult. She was only 16 when she died.

Intuition is an art not a science. I think it’s very important to listen to your gut. We could predict the future about as accurately as our weathermen do.

Everyone has intuition. The way to enhance it is to use it more. To use it more pay attention to your surroundings and the voice you hear in your head. "When you learn to silence your mind, you'll listen to them."  


Qui-Gon-Jinn to Anakin Skywalker, about midichlorians.  


Intuition is always speaking to us, but in a very subtle way, not only through the voice in our head, but also through feelings and sensations, through images, sometimes through music, and our minds are so constantly busy that we just ignore our intuition by being worried about future events or past experiences.   


If we learn to silence our mind, through meditation, presence/mindfulness, or breath exercises, to name a few ways, you'll become better at noticing all the ways your intuition speaks to you. The hardest part is to follow that intuition, because it sometimes asks us to do things that appear insane or irrational, sometimes everyone will think your out of your senses, but that is another sign you're now being guided by it. What helped me a lot was meditating twice a day (10min)
Not to much because you don't want to strain yourself.
But thinking about nothing is like a portal for your intuition. Normally our thoughts follow up on each other, but when you manage to think about nothing, even for a few seconds at first, you create a small space for "spontaneous" ideas and thoughts.

When i progressed i meditated right before falling asleep when is was already in bed.
And this allowed me to see faces and visions.
But only for a split second still. When i realize its there its already gone. But its been a fun and exciting journey so far 👍🙂 Keep records. intuition is not about predicting the future, (that is called precognition, btw future vision),,,, intuition is like your inner guidance spiritual navigation system. one of the things I have been recently reviewing about my life (mid life review) is that if I had just always followed my own intuition, my life would have went down a much better & more fulfilling path. I have been realizing that my spirit always knew which direction to go, but I was led astray, misguided by others, I allowed other people to coerce me, manipulate me & guilt me into things, to the point where I became so out of touch with my intuition, it took major crisis to bring me back. for me intuition has always been strong& generally when I am alone I follow it, I had other people all up on my energy many years bc my lack of boundaries (& honestly I had no idea the extent of the manipulation & damage until v recently during a recent wave of awakening/ascension) ,,,, the other struggle or block I have encountered regarding intuition ( besides other people) is fear, worry, anxiety, self doubt & stress, but even those things are a result of our upbringing or social & societal conditioning, which implant many negative & malignant beliefs about our selves & again other people. I have been so intuitive & on point since childhood but life experiences had broken me down. lately I have been on the path of only following my intuition & shutting out all other influences (as much as possible.) I think that would be may best advice, stop listening to other people, examine your own social/societal beliefs, pay attention to your thoughts & your gut feelings, create strong boundaries & you  will be able to hear that inner voice more clearly. cleanse your body, mind, spirit & home. do this gently in a way that is natural. it takes time. there may be many ups & downs along the way but slowly you will begin to align more & your life will begin to shift, have patience in the process & also be open to learning, you will see where you have been out of alignment or misguided in your own beliefs & begin to take back power & responsibility for your life which brings confidence. :) To improve it: get used to knowing what you're feeling at any time of the day and why. Practice once a day for a few days, then twice, then thrice, so on. Identify your triggers for certain emotions--sunny, warm day equals contentment, rainy day equals contemplative, quiet, ruminating, etc. One song makes you angry, another makes you sad, another makes you happy. After hanging out with people, do you get any certain moods or vibes from each of them? Jot it down somewhere, make a list or a graph.

In this way, you can easily tell when you're feeling a certain way for explainable reasons, and when your intuition is trying to speak up (you feel angry after hearing a song that normally makes you happy--this is your intuition trying to tell you something).

Best of luck! Write down your dreams. When I really pay attention to mine, they start to loosely predict the future. Every time you have a thought about how you think something will go, or what will happen in the future, write it down in a journal and write the date. Then, go back later on to see if you were right. You might surprise yourself. Ringing In the left ear is a sign that some shit is about to happen and take caution. A few days ago, I had that ringing, and a weird feeling of something bad going to happen in the next few days. Tonight, I went to a bar with my cousins and I decided to drink very little to stay more aware. This random stranger cupped my butt with his hand- I felt a hand, turned around, and he was standing there behind me. When I asked him if he touched me, he said he was “trying to hold me up” as we were about to step into a booth, and I was sort of behind my cousins in the back. He disappeared after. I don’t know what would’ve happened if I was super hammered. It’s also about perception, practice people watching in public , notice how your body responds to people and situations, even places. Your spirit guides will also communicate through repetition or “coincidence,” as well as numbers and numerology, 444 or 1111. It’s not as complicated as you may think! Silence your mind. Dude imo intuition is just accessing the multiverse of your potential future timelines, which are more or less infinite, and being able to ask yourself which one you truly want. 

There's absolutely ways to train it. There's ESP training apps for your phone. They give you four squares and just say "guess the right square" but it's just a bunch of multi colored squares. 

My other favorite way to train that's saving my ass rn as far as providing me with income: trading stocks/cryptos. By far the most effective intuition trainer I've had. Once you do enough trading m, the chart starts coming alive with possibilities, and you start seeing patterns and zones that seem to gently nudge the overall timeline of the price this way or that. All the gentle nudges add up to an overall push and pull like a tide that you can jump into if you still your emotions properly and let your higher self guide you. 

I'll look at it, zoom out in a few different levels, and ask myself "what feels like the most likely next set of steps. And out of the 3 most likely scenarios, how would each one of the three affect the overall feeling of this chart." A most likely outcome begins to form, then you dial in how much risk you're willing to take. 

Basically everything can be traced and extrapolated into most likely possible future timelines if you follow the money, both into the last and the future. But you gotta stay completely in the present while you're doing it so you don't get sucked down undesirable timelines by accident. 

My whole life is my intuition story. Bruh I should've died so many times 🤣 Intuition saved me from possibly serious injury in a car crash. We had a head-on collision with a stobie pole, I still distinctly remember how the moments after it happened the air tasted like metal. The seat belt kept me from flying forward into the front passenger seat but also crushed my rib cage.

Before it happened, my then-boyfriend asked me to sit in the seat behind the driver so he could see me. My immediate reaction was to say no. I strongly felt I wanted to sit in the seat behind him, for no particular reason. Anyway, that seat he wanted me to sit in had collapsed and there was a heavy object on top of it (a car battery that had been in the back of the wagon).

It also possibly saved my 7-month old baby from choking or a trip to the hospital. When I heard him cough once, I sprung into action with no hesitation. He expelled a coin. I don't know why I reacted so quickly. Even my husband asked how I knew. There was no feeling that time, only a split second reaction. Do research.  There are a ton of books out there regarding intuition. It can be used for that.  A lot.  I'm not too pro on recounting stories. practice, learning how to use different tools/techniques, maybe try randonautica I can sense the future it happens alot 
Every week almost

It's always random unimportant stuff tho

Hopefully one day I'll be able to use this ability to become rich Tarot, automatic writing, and card selection truly helped me with my intuition. I've been actively practicing daily for a few years now. I have premonitions through dreams. I write down everything. I make notations of feelings and vibrations. I learned to listen to my gut. 


Our guts have hundreds of thousands of neurons which are directly affected by our processing of the world. That is where the "gut feeling" comes from. We are taught to not trust our intuition. Break away from that. Rely on it. Write it down. Validate your experiences. We all have the ability, but it takes practice, just like any other skill. Meditate a lot and gaslight yourself into thinking you have fantastic intuition. It works. And the results can be creepy.  
Some basic, but crazy examples from day to day was sensing phrases- I'd think of "Alea iacta est" for some reason throughout the day- and I'd see it later on some show my mom's watching. Another one was me thinking "deus ex machina". The next day, saw a dude on a motorcycle wearing a shirt which said this. There can be more extreme examples and it happens daily. It is usually not what you expect, because what you’re expecting has never gotten you anywhere. I curiously find I feel dread. Like I do construction, I dread grabbing an extra bucket randomly. Then I needed another bucket and have to make a trip back. When I grab the bucket anyways I use it Don’t worry, you’re not some weird creature or crazy, some people are just naturally more in touch with these things than others. In my case, the women in my family have been experiencing it for generations. It took a long time for me to really believe it, but the things I dream and feel randomly come true again and again and again. Some might call us psychic or witches, but those labels have varied over time, between cultures, and in this modern age what matters the most is how you feel and wish to identify; choose or reject whatever labels feel right for you, they’re pretty unnecessary. Thanks for sharing your experiences. Vulnerability takes great strength. Out of curiosity, has this been happening to you your whole life? I always like to ask because sometimes it can also be triggered by one or a series of especially traumatic physical or emotional events. I was diagnosed with c-ptsd myself, many years ago, but I'm grateful to have made a full recovery. Stay strong, sister! Having the ability to differentiate your anxiety from your true warnings already puts you 50 steps ahead! It is not something to worry about.  In the event you experience overwhelming anxiety you might want to consult a doctor.  It is normal to feel anxiety at first, but over time you should adjust and it gets better. ****Warning: Mentions of death***

I'm just like you. Don't worry, we're not crazy, I would argue that we're lucky. I think we're lucky to be able to protect ourselves and our families.

What I personally believe in is that we're all part of the tapestry of the universe, each of us is a thread being interconnected with others, and as time goes on, so does the tapestry. Thing is, some people like us, when something is about to happen, feel threads leading to an outcome that is not what we want, and we get a warning.

I believe the definition for me me personally is claircogizant (just knowing stuff, without it being connected to vision, hearing or other more tangibile senses) and clairtangent (receiving information with your body). 

What happens to me personally is that I just know stuff. It's like I'm a printer, info gets to me and then I "print it" and I "read it" like you would a message 😂 (worst description ever sorry 😂).

Sometimes I feel a sense of anxiety or fear that isn't my own, when the feeling regards someone that is about to die tragically I also feel like I can't breathe well and get chocked up, so I perfectly understand what you mean!.

Sometimes is a mix of both, especially if I channel spirits of various kinds, and other clairs pop up, but those two are the main way the universe uses to speak to me.

I know that it's scary. It's something that your body does that you don't have control over, it's weird, it's scary cause when you feel the clairtangence activate, the sensations are real, even though consciously you are perfectly able to understand that they don't relate to the mundane and don't belong to you.

From what you describe I think that what you experience is similar to what I experience. It's even weirder cause at least in movies and commonly people hear voices or see stuff, we don't have that kind of feedback 🤣.

So what are you? A person that is more sensitive to the tapestry of the world. Psychic? Clairwhatever? If you need a lable, it's whatever you feel rings true.

These abilities are scary, bit I'm slowly coming to terms with them. We're lucky. We can protect ourselves and our families, the universe has given us a gift. I used to call it a curse, now I'm slowly learning to consider it a gift. Cause it is. I'm a Medium, this is what happens to me when I sit with clients, or meet someone new and Spirit is stepping up. It's a loud ringing, sometimes in one or both ears, that lasts a short time and can be deafening momentarily. This was actually one of the first phenomena that led me to understand that I was a medium.

If you've ruled out medical, consider you may be picking up frequency shifts from the other side. how did it make you feel? what did your gut tell you? did it shape your perception of the people around you I get that in two ways. One high blood pressure (is important to know that) may be spiking due to few reasons. 
Second Not normally when I'm with someone but if someone is taking or thinking about me I get a ringing sounds, when I think of the right person it goes away, have messaged or called to get a hay I was thinking about you how are things going. I get his a lot because of my allergies. So if this happened to me I wouldn't be able to tell the difference between energy and my poor immune health lol. I'm glad you're ok. This is one of those situations where I would just see if happens more often or not then decide what it was. Sounds like a dimensional or ascension thing. Maybe that's how you know the experience or exchange is at 5D...I'd suggest you start making a note in a journal each time you notice it. Betcha you see a  pattern emerging:) You can't help, save, or heal addicts.  They have to want to change first.   If they heal, it's them healing themself, not healing from outside person. Empathic people may not be the best people to help addicts either, as empaths often struggle with maintaining boundaries, and boundary work is essential when working with anyone at that level of addiction. Be careful with this if you are clairsentient. I felt a strong psychic and emotional connection once, with a coworker.


I knew that he was a recovering heroin addict. And I knew the day he relapsed because I suddenly felt high beyond belief when I looked at him. I've never tried heroin and prescription narcotics aren't effective for me so I don't bother. But that day, I think I felt what heroin feels like. And I was at WORK experiencing this. Part of being a healer is coming to terms with need that you can’t help. Maybe your drawing this to you is an attempt to learn that lesson?

Here’s a complaint from my mother that I’ll share ‘no matter how drunk or abusive a man is, there is always some woman who will care for him. But if a woman has even half those problems, she’s alone’

I know that’s a harsh thing to say and hopefully not true. But I wanted to share it because there is a dynamic people fall into with addicts. You might be able to feel their pain but if they aren’t there to support you… don’t invest too much in it. Invest in people who amplify your energy. I'm an addict and can attest that what they're saying is true. I just say well timed things to people if possible. I’ve found if I intervene in anybody’s life, especially somebody drowning in addictive sorrow (I believe that they can no longer perceive spirit when in the addict state) that it blows up in my face every time. This is unless they invite me in, or if I believe that I can plant a seed in their mind that could grow to their benefit if they choose to nurture it. As an empath it's tricky for me  to manage energy and connection with toxic people bc the nature to transmute is just there. I don't have to go out of my way or take extra steps to send healing, it just is and does.  It's difficult with my nature to simply observe without healing I suppose... Helping them. Being able to relate and be there to listen. Guide - that’s all I got but I’m sure it would develop maybe into healing I suggest you listen to 639hz & do automatic writing ✍  it will make sense later..after a good amount of contemplation on the things u have written.. Why would u want to control it?..
Use it to your advantage, write it down develop the ability properly & you will find success in making use of this psychic ability if further developed...

My pov ✅ I think you’re looking at it the wrong way around. It didn’t happen because you thought of it, you just knew it was going to happen before it did. And the best way to gain clarity and strength it makes a by starting a regular meditation practise. Yes you could connect with them via frequency or listening to binaural beats like 639hz 963hz awhile sleeping.. by doing it constantly you might be able to astral travel or achieve lucid dreaming and u could receive some kind of indication in dreams or starts to seriously notice angel numbers such as 222 333 etc..
all it takes is consistency...

My pov✅

🎯Based on experience 

For age 20+ only Yes, talk out loud or in your head to them. Especially to your personal God or God-concept. 

Express, vocalize, commune with God. All your angels and protectors will naturally appear because that is the most attractive thing you can literally do to call them, is to focus on their beloved, which is God. Which is you. You're God.

Ask God/your protectors for help communing. They will absolutely help you and they love to do that. You're basically fulfilling them by asking, like asking a librarian where a book is, they go "oh! Here! Do this!" 

Like an infinitely patiently librarian who is just waiting to help you find what you need, ask the Spirit within you that guides your life for help. You don't need to have faith to do this, you are free to doubt, they will help you no matter what For me they just came to me in energetic form one night when I was 17. My mom gave me a box of string lights with "Sirius" on it and I instantly knew that I had a past life over there and that my guides are from there as well. It felt very soothing and familiar. I have never met a guide trough meditation so it's not necessary if you don't like it. Mine come to me in my dreams! Meditation can look different for different people. I found that altering your technique according to your most dominant element that you connect with (this element is not always your astrology element) can help a whole lot! It's easier for water and earth elements to connect with standard practices of Meditation and air and fire elements have to have a form of "active" Meditation. That is where you are performing a mundane task that you are neutral about and letting your mind fully clear while your body does the work, if you are open and receptive your guides may announce thier presence. Also try asking for things out loud! For example as for help finding your keys one day and you'll be surprised to find them in a spot you thought you already checked! Some people can't hear or see them clearly but you are already connected and they can hear you. I’m also new to it as well and I’ve been having the same exact occurrences happening to me too. At first I thought it was just a coincidence but then it started to get even more stronger and more obvious and I’ve been questioning it for such a long time and I would also love feedback and on what’s going on too! It doesn’t sound crazy at all. I definitely believe you. I’m really starting to believe things like this are kinda normal. Simple exercise, such as getting a deck of cards and guessing what comes next, or when taking the lift knowing which one is gonna open first. Stuff like that.

Of course it's not serious stuff, that's gonna come with time And also if any of you were curious, first time I've ever acknowledged this was when I was 12, so about 3-ish, 4-ish years ago. Yeah, definitely normal. If you try and work consciously on it, it may expand That could be due to planetary effects

One possible reason ✅ I had a premonition of a divorce 6 years ahead didn’t even know the person but at first glance I knew it wouldn’t work out. Every fucking day. Yes, it seems I'm particularly good at spotting pedos, and unless you have kids to protect and do so, there's nothing you can do. It's pretty awful to know something like that and not be able to do anything about it. Just let the info flow..keep it calm & try finds clues if you are right about it..if so further develop this ability & use it to your advantage ✅ This is very interesting. I can’t help by giving any further insight but it also happens to me every now and then. Most times the words show up in dreams for me, not while I’m awake. I'm not sure what you are communing with but most of it is auto translated psychically into a form your mind can understand.  However, in my case, if you ask the entity you are speaking with to use their native tongue, they will speak in other languages.  I've googled them afterwards and they were full sentences in other languages.  I don't do it a lot since it's largely useless but it is fun to do to with friends to laugh at how insane it is that reality is like this. I get most of my messages in languages I don’t understand. It’s frustrating. But I believe this is because I am at the relative beginning of my journey and I’m science oriented so it’s easier for messages to come through in alternate languages when I fight my intuition. The messages that repeat get looked up and I can’t question them when they stare back at me in text. Do you mean telepathically? Because the translation is automatic although some things don't translate over well and I actually get a blank space when that happens. When I astrally project it's like I'm traveling through other planes of existence.  Like planes of law and order with robots.  Planes with stary skies and mystical Chinese dragons, misty forest with tree roots with eyeballs that speak into your mind and fairies.  Celestial observatoried, solar realms, etc.  My deity helped me with it but it happened in meditation, never when trying to rest, and never when trying to wiggle around doing most of the guides people say.  I grabbed my deities hand in my mind and she led me on a journey across time and space. This happened to me, I know so many people on Reddit think you can’t get hurt in the astral but they are wrong. It’s not like dreaming where it’s all in your mind, the astral is a real place with real entities existing there. From what I’ve been told a human being is like a beacon of light which attracts low vibrational energy. Praying to god and other protective measures are a must, also don’t attempt this when you are depressed/stressed/anxious your vibration needs to be HIGH like really high before you even attempt remote viewing or it’s like a moth to a flame with those entities. Even Robert Monroe (I highly recommend his books) sometimes encountered bad things there. Sounds like void energy. In my experiences it feels like napalm, burning. Whatever it was you don't want to mess with. Work on protection as well as dispelling negative energy. I suggest you continue exploring but with protection maybe you wear like a blessed necklace or something on your body so you shouldn't have any problems awhile on astral plane.. It’s really ghetto out there lmao. 
If you want to do that stuff protection is a must … I mean a must…

Unless you like a shadow person infestation. The astral realm can be exceedingly dangerous.  One must proceed with caution, and it is best to use the buddy system when you are starting out.  The two primary risks associated with astral travel are a psychotic break and a coma.  I would hazard to guess that the unsavory entity found you.  In my early years, it was a rough and tumble learning curve. I'm new to this so...how do you reach a state of being able to view remotely? Could you describe the process in detail, and how much practice does it take, can anyone do it? It’s appropriate to be wary. Evil is extremely powerful and seductive. Most intuitive people are drawn to it at some time in their life. It’s up to you whether you delve deeper or not.

Not unusual to feel like you did. We all do. Before you go to bed ask to speak to your main guide. He or she stays with you for a lifetime. Write down what happens when you wake up Check out the book Opening to Channel by Sanaya Roman and Duane Packer. It’s all about how to connect and communicate with your guides :) Try summoning them in a lucid dream Spirit guides/higher selves won't do something if it would do you harm or conflict with your autonomy/freedom of choice. Try opening up the realm of possibilities and try to meet them in the middle of what's holding them back. What is that ? I have this little spirit who follows me everywhere and gives me advice I named them teto We have past lives. And wives and husbands from then. And they're with us depending who's in physical space at the time. Friends and family. And random people who love you. Always. Everyone. They hear it all. Don't worry, you have guides. Everyone does. They're just waiting for you to reach out. You could try praying or meditating, just make sure that at the beginng of the session, you state your intention to meet them. I feel the same way. I don’t think I even have spirit guides. I’ve always dealt with things on my own. I’ve never seen or felt anything. Then again I am rather skeptical of them. Idk if I believe in them or not. You could use a pendulum. Aren’t they angles assigned to you? I heard they really don’t care how you die, they just have to “guide” you. We have 3 main angels and 3 main demons , they guide us everyday, through thought patterns , synchronizicity and much more the eyes can’t see . But yeah try to contact them in the realms Dm Everyone has spirit guides. I’ve had tarot readings done by other psychics and I’ve also meditated and asked them to show me visions in my mind to guide me or visit me in my dreams. I’m pretty into dream interpretation and sleep with black tourmaline and amethyst under my pillow. I also keep selenite under there as well so they’re constantly charged and cleansed to protect from negative energies. Your guides can't usually intervene in material affairs... they are around, but there isn't much (for whatever reason) that they can realistically do to help us out other than remind us that we're not ever truly alone. Clairaudience. I hear energy, often gateways into fate pathways. Sometimes I far-hear or can get sentence downloads from my higher selves. I am happy for you! You'll be able to turn it off if you don't want it, so I wouldn't worry about that. I've interpreted it (at least in my case) to be the presence/direction of spiritual entities (possibly only the entities that have made themselves known to me? I don't know.)

EDIT: I've always wanted to know more about this but every time I've ever talked about it, people assume it's tinnitus and shut down the conversation. If it's constant ringing, it's usually tinnitus, some kind of ear nerve damage.

If it's occasional the way you describe, I look for spirit guides. Sometimes their energy will trigger the ringing. In my experience, when my left ear is ringing, chiming, buzzing, etc., It's a message from my guides.

When my right ear is ringing, it's most typically a message from spirit for someone else.

But I know when it starts, I need to grab my download journal. 

Of course everyone is different, but I know others who distinguish left side info and right side info.

I hope that helps 💜 In my experience, it usually indicates someone on the other side of things is trying to get my attention and wants to converse.  Once I practiced enough to tune into that side of things, the ringing stopped and was replaced with being able to hear them speak and or see them in my mind's eye. For me it's definitely tinnitus. Although I randomly hear what sounds like a little bell dinging so idk what THAT is about My mom always said that it means someone is talking about you My right ear is my typical spirit guide and has a typical tone and pitch. Recently - a couple months ago, a new spirit joined on the left. 

It was interesting because as they were trying to get through initially, I experienced different tones and pitches, but also my ear would grow persistently hot and flush at the top - but only at night or after specific triggers. After some questioning and we became acquainted, that stopped and the new spirit joined the regular tone/pitch.

More intense and louder ringing usually means more urgent messages to me.

I will usually do tarot readings in response to those kinds of consistent or persistent ringing in response to distinct triggers. And that stops it. 

I can also just journal and have sort of back and forth conversations with my guides but only if they’re willing. The tarot usually helps to jumpstart things but it’s not always necessary. It's a sign of spiritual awakening or in simple words, it's an installation of a new frequency by the guides. It's hard to mention specific insights like if the ringing is from the left ear is good or it's good ifs it's from the right.  You may have to pay attention next time during ear ringing and after to know better. 

 Here are some metrics for the next time. 

1. When the ear ringing happened, what were your thoughts? 

2. When the ear ringing happened, were you near some specific person? What is your relationship with that person and is the person spiritually evolved?

3. When the ear ringing happened, did you get any repetitive angel number signs? If yes, how they are connected with your current state of affairs.

4. What are some key changes you are observing in terms of health, energy, and overall emotional or stress-bearing capacity? 

This analysis will help you to see make your personalized insights. 

Best wishes. 

Andy Ear ringing was one of the signs that I figured out I was psychic. 

I follow an extremely knowledgeable naturopathic dr who has a huge following on YouTube. Five years ago he released a video on how to treat tinnitus (there is a way to tap the back of your head to stop the ringing). I’ve done the tap many times to stop my ear ringing. However a couple of years ago I was experiencing a very different relationship with a male coworker, it was platonic but there was something inexplicable there. One day he messaged me and I felt a physical reaction. My brain felt hot and it felt like it was being squeezed in a vice. My left ear started ringing and my ears started popping. Like the pressure in my head was changing due to the energy. I did the finger tap on my head but it did nothing. I just knew I was feeling this man’s energy. 

Fast forward two and a half years and I am a different person. I’ve developed psychic abilities and a relationship with this man who I’ve figured out is my soulmate. My ears will occasionally ring but my body has gotten better with receiving the energy and better interpreting it. 

I can’t tell you what your ear ringing means. I would do something like practice and ask very specific questions and paying attention to the ringing. For example start with a basic question you know the answer to such as your name. Try to detect a pattern by asking additional questions you know the answers to. Perhaps soon you may get to the point where you can receive answers to questions you don’t already know the answer to. It may take some time but this is where I would start if I were you. Good luck! Left ear ringing is a warning. My homie as someone who has hearing loss and tinnitus. Go to an audiologist It’s probably tinnitus. Aliens tuning into your brain When did you notice it begin? when i was younger i would get random periodic ringing and when i wondered what it was i instantly got the idea that it was “aliens” trying to contact me. fastforward 10 years and i read that people believe it is actually something along those lines A powerful spirit is near and wishes to communicate. I always remember one in particular. I was just sitting on the floor in my room then it happened. It was so loud my ears became a bit numb I could still hear it in my mind after it stopped. That was maybe two years ago haven't had one that loud since. Oh damn this happens to me and I have to stop what I’m doing because the ringing is so intense.
Doesn’t happen often so I know it’s not a health condition. Some people can sense death like animals can sometimes. I’m not sure what it means. I feel you have a gift. Sometimes realizing it helps embrace it and your gifts will grow. 

It’s possible it only happens with animals too. I would meditate on it and see if your guides give you any insight. You will learn with experience that time is far from linear in nature.  Some folks have a gift for being able to look around the corner before whatever it is occurs.  Welcome to the club and learn to accept your ability.  It is nothing to worry about or stress over. How do we request a reading? [removed] [removed] [removed] [removed] Trying to practice more, offering free readings(3 people) :) Hello Everyone,

   I'm offering readings for a few folks tonight! If you're interested in a reading please feel free to PM me! These of course are free but I'm only going to do a few! Let me know if you'd like one! ☺️ I can do love, family, and money readings as well as what's to come readings! Have a lovely day! 

Light to you! 🌙
Vixova [removed] I've read the rules. I do not charge for readings. I am offering 3 readings (psychic or medium readings). I do my readings over Zoom. You can definitely have your camera off. If you are interested please reply to this and I will choose 3 I feel drawn to. [removed] [removed] Offering a free ONE question YES/NO reading.
I wouldn’t feel comfortable answering questions on legal issues, health, pregnancy and third party love situations.

Please PM to ask the questions as I tend to miss out on notifications on the post! Hello! I'm hoping someone sees this. I'm feeling very lost in life, can someone please give me a reading? Message me if interested in readings! Multiple available. interested in a reading if anyone feels drawn. if not I hope you have a lovely day :D Hello! If anyone feels drawn to me I am interested in a reading Belief is a powerful thing.

There are various methods of warding against spirits from different cultures that you could use for her room and your home. Whatever you choose, I recommend involving your daughter in it. I think it's harmless even for a non-believer to go "okay sweetheart, here's a magic stone that can keep the brown lady away" and putting a piece of black tourmaline or some amethyst (there are some cute carvings I've seen over on eBay of amethyst fairies) on her bookshelf.

The symbol might be scary for her so I'd hide it, but the evil eye is strongly coming to me for protection in this case.

You can also make a 'monster spray'. Put a piece of black Tourmaline into a spray bottle, add some white glitter (what little girl doesn't love glitter?), and charge water under moonlight or sunlight, whichever resonates more. Add a few drops of lavender essential oil or peppermint. Spritz from the bottle into her room/on her bedding when you tuck her in at night. To help her personalize it and feel part of it take her to get some stickers that she can put on her bottle. The really important part here is the ritual of it - make it with her, have her involved in it so her own power charges it and she knows that there's a feeling of safety from these things. I’m Pyschic medium clairvoyant. Reading this story gave me goosebumps. That’s Spirit giving me conformation it’s truth. The best thing u can do for ur little girl is not to dismiss her. She wasn’t scared so the lady was a nice spirit. The spirit wants to say hi. You’ll have to take each day as it comes. I can feel Ur daughter is very sensitive. I’m picking up she’s very close to u. Like I say. For us children that see things. The nicest and kindest thing is to be believed and accepted. I hope that’s helpful. The spirit lady is still attached to her home. 🤍 Hi,
Hope everything is okay.

I use to see spirits when I was younger but it goes away so don’t worry too much about it. I was around her age when I started seeing them but you have to remind her that nothing can hurt her and that you’ll always be there for her. My parents would put Quran that would be on repeat in all our rooms to get the encounters to stop and it did. But I know everyone’s religion and beliefs are different so you do whatever feels right🙏🏻 My daughter just came to me crying 2 nights ago as well, she’s 12. She saw a manlike shadow next to her bed, she went to the bathroom and she saw what she described at lights in there. She sketched it for me and it looked like symbols in my opinion. 
I myself have been dealing with these spirits/demons for a few years. They keep being sent to me. They just try to annoy me and bring chaos into my life and problems. The more and more it happens the stronger I become and they leave me alone . 
I spoke to my daughter and told her not to be afraid, they can’t curt us. I was as open as I could be with her for her age. Did not want to overwhelm her. She slept with me that night and last night she slept in her bedroom again as if nothing happened. Talk to her and explain things. She will understand. She will be a mentor because she sees spirits. I was like this myself as a child. My grandmother and father helped me understand. They helped me know that spirits are not dangerous.

If you’re not sure how to treat this join the r/mediums group and ask questions. They can help and support you. Both of my sons (3 & 5) are very connected to the spirit world and as I’m understanding and learning more, the newest-to-earth-in-this-lifetime souls are. We smudge weekly or when we feel led to and I have my kids do it with me. We also take energy cleansing baths (1 cup sea salt/Himalayan salt, crystals, fresh fruit, herbs) when either one of the kids seems to be going through something or experiencing more activity. 
I have also taught them both to put their “protection bubbles” around them when they feel nervous or scared. Have them envision themselves in a bubble that is emitting bright white light. Nothing bad can happen inside that bubble- they are protected from anything and everything. You can make it into a game even! 
As others have said, keep an open conversation and believe what she sees and has to say. 
Everything will be ok! When I was a child I would see spirits and shadow people all the time. Best thing you can do is listen to her, validate her, and let her know if she ever gets scared to pray, pray that the light touches them and they’ll go away. Best thing you can do is teach her not to be frightened of them. Children learn by how adults act. Don’t convince her she’s not there, acknowledge that she sees the spirits, and reassure her they mean her no harm, and they just are curious to talk to her / see her because normally, people can’t see them. 

The best thing to do is not to be scared of them. They can feed off that energy. If they’re bothering you, tell them politely this is your home and you’d like them to leave. If they’re quiet and don’t bother you, just leave them be. I personally feel like most of them just want people to acknowledge that they see them Lots of good advice here. I’m also wondering if you could hire a medium to come and talk with Ms. Walpole and maybe help her cross over. Or at least communicate to her that she needs to stop scaring the little one. Weird idea but - have you considered playing gregorian chants (catholic) at night? You could sage the house, get the house all smoked up, every corner nook and cranny.  It will stink for a while but it should calm things down do not force them to sin. spirits are awesome if you know how to talk with them. remember they appreciate perfection :) Spirit showed you their true heart and their potential so you, as a friend, could encourage them. Your belief in your friend will help them understand their own potential as well. It is a wonderful thing, a friend once helped me believe in myself. I am forever grateful to her. Bless you, babe, keep up the good work! You should try teleporting to the moon for that sweet kryptonite and then use your super powers to shoot lasers out of your eyes I will walk & reflect my life lessons I have learn so far & upgrade myself ,Also listen to 528hz as it raises positive vibrations ✌ It’s just the energy around specific body parts, their chakras. Mouth could be sacral or throat, eyes third eye, etc. Wow, this sounds very similar to my own experience.. I was having the same problem last week, “it/he” wouldn’t let me sleep and kept trying to tease me and irritate me, I kept asking and telling him to leave but he refused, eventually i tried creating the light around myself and I was actually quite surprised by how well it worked and considering I’ve never really done it before, I envisioned/saw all these pairs of spiritual hands touching the dome of light I created over myself and this thing that was bothering me just very quickly and quietly got up and left.. I’m no expert but it worked for me, I hope it can work for you too. The way some Native Americans taught me is to cleanse your space with smoke.  All you need is a bundle of white sage and a lighter.  Start by opening only one window or door.  Have a firm intention to drive them out of your space.  Walk into the room furthest from that door and light the bundle.  Blow out any flame and get the bundle to smolder and produce smoke.  Walk along each wall and space while wafting smoke in front of you.  Work your way to the open window or door and drive the spirit or spirits through it.  Be sure to cleanse yourself with smoke to ensure that none of them cling to your person.  It is essential that you disable all smoke alarms before you begin. Don't take this wrong, but the best & quickest way to find out is to ask her directly.  Good luck! Nobody controls your intuition. Your intuition is the cumulative knowledge of all infinity, it's your direct connection to the universe. 

It is your inner self. It is your soul, timeless and infinite glimpsing itself in that moment. Not gonna happen. Its all you, dude No need to check.  Properly cleanse the object of what is on it and any bad energies attached to it will be gone.  There are a number of ways to cleanse an object.  You can bury it in the ground for a time.  You can submerge it in a natural stream of running water or the ocean.  You can also bury it in salt.  The author Scott Cunningham wrote a number of useful books and one in particular regarding crystals and metals that covers these procedures. Hey, you can come on over to Canada lol 🇨🇦 maybe the flowers represent the maple leaf!

You can't be sure. Don't worry about the universe. If you want to move to Austria, move. Worrying about past life karma seems pretty silly to me Sounds like you are doing just fine so far.  Psychometry can be interesting.  I am curious as to what got you started in the first place? I have a Question about how you started, my great grandma was a clairvoyant, my mom has abilities although she's never practiced. I also have something but I'm not sure where to start or how to continue. Any tips? "I love you.  I always have been with you and always will, life to life and after. Till the end of time and in the otherworld." All of the guidance they have given me doesn't hold a candle to that. "the way you are is not a mistake" I was in a really dark place a couple months back and I was saying horrible things to myself and my guide kept repeating “you are so loved “ over and over again. It’s the one thing that has stuck with me since . I appreciated my guide so much for that because for once I truly believe that I am loved . “You are so much stronger than you know, you have so much more potential than you realise. Believe in it and believe in yourself. Take back your power and be authentically and unapologetically who you were meant to be. Nobody and nothing can ever take that from you, only you can block yourself and only you can set yourself free. You never make mistakes, you only learn lesson, and you are always exactly wherever you are meant to be” “Don’t be so harsh on yourself”. They keep reminding me of that. You are a light in the illusion. "Every life matters and every life is important." 

\-Metatron “You can’t fix everyone.” If I’m overwhelmed I always get “slow it down in your mind, take it one thing at a time. You can.” “As you take action on your path all the rest will fall away with ease”- on addiction 1) "We are all sparks of the One Flame, we are the Universe experiencing itself."

(We are all a part of the Divine, to know others is to know yourself.)

2) "You have chosen to live this life as you are, because you have the strength to meet these challenges."

(Basically, I chose "hard mode" because 'I haz the skilz'.)

3) "There is no source of infallible knowledge, every entity you meet is limited by their own boundaries and therefore cannot tell you everything with certainty."

(Only the One Flame, Divinity, the Universe... however you identify the Unity of All... has infinite infallible knowledge.
All the sparks separated from Source, do not have either infinite knowledge or infallible knowledge, and may not have access to either.

That's not just us Earthly beings, it counts for our guides and Angels as well.

That's *not* saying our guides don't have knowledge that we don't, but a reminder we may have knowledge that they don't.

Vast knowledge and wisdom still isn't infinite.

Or another way of saying it: the more you know, the more you're aware that you don't know.)

4) "His"  name: Trechor Flameheart.

(It "means" or "translates" into "Three Hearts, Burning Passion".)

5) Worrying about being a man attracted to other men is silly.

(This one I don't remember a direct quote for.)

What he explained to me is that since we are all just souls "trapped" in an earthly vessel, our bodies don't matter.

We are who we are not because of our plumbing but in spite of it.

While you might be drawn to an attractive presentation, a pretty package won't hold your interest if you don't like the contents.

I've found that true: my eyes may be drawn to a handsome man, but if he's a shithead I lose all interest.

Enough rambling, I'll leave this here. “Fear is a human concept. It doesn’t exist” 
“The brightest will always attract the darkest” “Why do you let people keep you from doing what you love?”

“The Eagle is your guide.” Just be patient, in regards to fulfilling my musical pursuits. And also "keep going, you have the strength, everything is going to be just fine" while going through terrifying health concerns.

It is amazing to feel the love  ❤ “Feel it and be free”.

I went through a rough break up. The grief would hit in waves. And every time a wave of pain would crash into me, threatening to swallow me whole or pull me under, my guides would say, “feel it (the grief, the pain) and be free”. 

Free of him, free of the pain and toxicity of the relationship, free of the endless cycle of devaluation, discarding, hoovering, and reconciliation, only to go through it all over again, for seven years. Finally I was free. But I had to feel the pain and not succumb to it, not go back to him just because it hurt. They were right. "There are no chains."

Bit you need some background to understand 

My experience with my psychic abilities has been traumatic in many ways. I get a feeling of pain in my chest, throat closed, a feeling of incoming death and doom. Then someone dies in a traumatic way.

One time I this feeling as my mom was about to leave for work. For the first time I knew who was it directed to. I begged her not to go. She went anyway. In the hospital she worked at some ahole mixed random substances in a bottle and left it laying around. My mom opened that bottle and the fumes kicked her out. She couldn't breathe. No medicine was working, even adrenaline. She felt she was dying. She felt black tendrils invading her body then, all of a sudden, a wave of green healing energy that pushed back the tendrils and healed her. She began to breathe again and recovered.

It was me. Even though I blocked astral projection because I was scared of it, at some point I traveled to her. I saw her laying down in the hospital emergency room, I saw her suffering, I knew she would die. I threw all I had at her, green healing energy to save her.

When I found out that I had saved her, I felt guilt raising to my chest. So I could have saved all these other people? They died because of me? For years I tried building walls. I didn't want to know, I didn't want to feel it, ai didn't want to fail other people.

I started working through my feelings, have done lots of work and I'm still figuring it out, peeling down one wall at a time, when an owl started showing up in my meditations. The owl was there to guide me to the being that allows me to have these abilities. But I couldn't fly with them. I just couldn't. 

I met a medium in absurd circumstances and she told me she saw a woman near me that gave her three messages. There are no chains was her last message. It changed my perspective. All the walls, the fears, all of it...I created for myself and was only my doing. There is nothing actually holding me but myself. I'm still working through it, I'm 9 months pregnant and it seems that we've hit the pause button expect for a few things. But I'm looking forward to working through these feelings, free myself and find out what these abilities actually entail and what I can do with them.

So far I know that they're stemming from Hecate, and I'm connected to her from previous lives, where I helped like I'm supposed to do now. We'll see Sex is spiritual and to not let my body be used. "What if you didn't have to change who you are or how you feel at all? What if you don't need to dismiss any of that because it is real, it is in fact true and real to you. But, would it hurt to just change the way you tell your story? Without changing your experience at all, just change how you've told the story to yourself." “You are not alone. You were never alone.” “You’ve always been good.” 
As I was in a healing session regarding religious trauma. "Share the light". Reminded me that I came here to serve. And the best way to do that is to fill up my cup first, even if it looks selfish or apathetic to others.

Also, the best way to heal the world is to heal yourself. It creates a subtle domino effect. Be patient. It's all coming together exactly as it should. “Nothing is as it seems” The root of all compassion is recognizing others' pain. Even when a person commits a terrible act, they have pain. In this way we can have compassion for all. We have compassion for their pain. Not their act.

When we recognize others' pain and show compassion in even the smallest ways we alleviate pain and spread peace. This is how we find joy; through the service of compassion and the act of expressing it. Love how all your guides have so amazing things to say meanwhile mine say things like „you are better than this“ „get your head in the game“ and my favourite „bitch“

It’s all good that’s my way of communicating so they just tell me how I need it to understand. Just thinks it’s funny. ‘You don’t need school or books, you need to learn how to connect’ (I was considering grad school and asked why I’m having trouble studying for entry exam) “Seek first the kingdom” or the awareness of God as All things and to me this means make this the focus of life and then life falls into place naturally I can't add anything here that I am aware of. I met someone off of reddit a couple years ago who 'knew' hidden things about me and claimed to be my 'guardian angel'. He had old books, spoke about sacred geometry and told me I have 'abilities' that he'd teach me to use.

He had a FB page and after he disappeared, I went over his FB posts and about a year before I met him, he changed, and his FB friends pointed it out. He started talking about paranormal stuff. The call to me about a week before his disappearance (off FB too and people are asking where he went but no reply), was with him freaking out about a federally marked car riding close to where he lived.

No one has heard from him since December 2020. I'm not sure who or what he is or became but he had some gifts. Love them anyway. "What you see is a reflection of your own energy. What do you *wish* to see? Where are you choosing to look?"

"It is what you make of it."

I don't normally hear her, but I heard this while in sleep paralysis once as if whispered right in my ear:

"I looooove you\~"

So simple, and such a sweet gesture. "Nothing I ever told you, and will tell you is a lie. That doesn't mean however that it is the truth.
Existence is to vast, and reality to frickle, for absolutes.
Learn to see the vicissitudes of life, to adapt your ways of perceiving how your story unfolds." That they are all thought forms but so are we that we really are all one,  but a aspect of everything that within us is the macrocosm and we are the  microcosm to existence we should never feel alone we simply need to be aware of our connection to those we love and those who love us because its a part of us that our awareness can be a blessing or a curse its up to us. That this world is a bridge between other places. That life is a light in the darkness. "knowledge is intrinsically powerful. Ignorance is futile" You don't have to be a channeler to receive clear messages from your guides

Also channeling is dying out now because the information coming thru isn't anywhere near 100% accurate This wasn’t my guide but while speaking with them through a pendulum and letter circle. I got a message saying “Do you like the robot voice?” I knew this wasn’t my guide because they know I always have Reddit text-to-speech videos on in the background. I say “I’m sorry but I’m not ready to talk to anyone who’s not my guide or higher self, but yes I do like the robot voice”. The pendulum says “I like fat bong rips”. I laughed so hard and immediately knew it was the guy who overdosed in my house before I bought it. When I moved in I would constantly smell weed. I thought it was my roommate (who didn’t smoke). The last time I smelled it was so strong that I threw open his door yelling “ARE YOU SMOKING WEED IN HERE?!” He jumps up and says “I thought YOU HAVE BEEN SMOKING WEED!” We both freaked out because the smell went after a few seconds after we acknowledged it. Anyways, that’s how I found out he was a good spirit and helped protect my house. “They are your coven” It's more about what you are looking for and find. So if you had to look, what would you look for? To solve all problems the answer would do. Love is the answer and solution, it can even be felt. We will always accept you for who you are and we are very proud of you "You felt stuck for so long.. because you were meant to pop up at the exact right time." The most powerful form of service is creation. The more powerful the creation, the more powerful the service. You chose your family. The families you were born into were not a mistake no matter your experience. He can have a vasectomy! Problem solved! To me, that sounds like a connection to another person. It's not how I experience what I call a vision. But it seems reasonable to me that my brain/body/mind may experience things differently than yours.


For me, visions are extremely rare. When they occur, they are sudden, overwhelming. The best I can describe it is: I *think* no matter what state I'm in, awake or not, my eyes close. Then it feels like both eyes get pulled sharply in one direction, to a single point. And then a vision just "takes over." And I see an event happen as clearly as if I was standing in the physical place. When the vision ends, I always feel adrenaline course through my body. Because until it's over, I can't actually tell that it's not happening to me. Nothing is a coincidence. You were picking up on her thoughts. If she said it right after, you were having the same thought simultaneously. I had this happen yesterday I was staring at seltzer water considering getting it then ten feet from me in a line two woman started talking about seltzer water. It was really weird. So you’re not the only person this happens to. I’m not sure how it happens with strangers but I have had relatives project thoughts to me and me to them recently as well. I was in a restaurant once and the waitress asked me what I wanted.  I had been thinking strongly about the salad with grilled shrimp and red wine vinaigrette dressing, but verbally ordered the prime rib special.  She then brought me the exact salad that I had been strongly considering.  I told her that was not what I ordered, but I had been thinking about this exact salad so I would be ok keeping it.  I could tell that she was upset and knew that something odd had happened.  I left a big tip and thanked her for the great salad.  It sometimes unnerves people when they learn that their thoughts can be heard or that they can hear the thoughts of others.  Be alert to see if it happens again and if it does then you will have your answer. I would say that was likely your higher self telling the intrusive thought to go away. And perhaps a message for you to let go of this crush or jealousy to some degree. Clearly seeing this post and knowing your crush is with someone else doesn’t help or benefit you in any way. Go away, is there a trip you have been thinking of taking by chance?

Perhaps Go away is a message to get away for a bit to relax and maybe disconnect from social media.
Might seem harsh but I'd recommend delete or at the least temporary block this person, so you can have a more clear focus of other things and people around you. I’ve been in this position more than once, never revealing until after to the crush, instead turning it into a symbol of how I want to love myself. To become the version of me that I deserve... even though it started as becoming the version of me that I’d deem good enough. My guides have come through in my most desperate times, grab hold and meditate in. Ask questions and take note of how it feels It’s OK to have crushes on people who are inaccessible in this life. You probably know her spirit. She may even be in your spirit group. There will be a someday. Anxiety is said to manifest sometimes as recurring dreams (which if you've been feeding the anxiety with more anxiety about the dream's possible meaning, is probably going to get worse.)

Sometimes dreams are just dreams. Not everything is a sign and not everything has to be a sign. I used to have dreams like that.  They ended when I practiced lucid dreaming.  The scenarios would repeat until I became aware I was dreaming. I sent you a message. I might have some answers for you. As long as you make clear (by saying it out loud if you like) that no entity is allowed in your house without your express permission, and as long as you are not afraid, you should be ok. I know it can be hard to not be afraid sometimes, but negative entities feed on fear. They cannot hurt you, so there is no reason to be afraid. It can be helpful to do something ridiculous when you feel scared, like a silly dance or voice or face. It sounds weird lol but nothing drains fear and the power it has over you like laughing does IMO. 

Also I did a sage cleansing on my house once when things were getting really bad, my kids were afraid every night and kept seeing the same entities i was, even though i didn't tell them about it. Since the sage, things have been totally normal. My kids can sleep at night. It may be a placebo effect, like all that really matters is your intentions and will power of thought, the sage is just a tool to help you believe and visualize protecting your home from negative energy. Understand that wherever you are, there will always be spirits around you. Some for your protection. Angels are always present to assist us in the spirit realm against attacks aimed to take us down. 

Through meditation, you become more sensitive to that realm. You’re going to be okay as long as you don’t attempt to communicate with any of these entities. It is quite often that if you can accurately detect the presence of another spirit other than your own, sometimes they get happy and encouraged, and want to reach out to you for communication. 

This is highly spiritually dangerous, so I don’t advise you to attempt to communicate with them. They could be deceased persons, or some other spirit. You may, or may not know them. If you ever feel harassed by them, just tell them sternly to leave. For the most part, I don’t think they want to hurt you. But you must claim your space and ground. Ask for protection when you feel vulnerable like this. I ask God every day for protection and thank Him every day for protecting me. I also like to ask Archangel Michael for protection. It’s very cool when I ask Archangel Michael because not only does he protect me but I channel his response to me - my head nods. Protection.

I smudge and create protection in my prayers. Look for a guide to this online. We all make mistakes, that is how we learn.  Sage works very well to cleanse a space.  I used to put rock salt at my door thresholds and window sills once I cleansed my space with sage.  Salt can act as a good barrier to unwanted spirits.  Another substance that blocks them is iron that has been properly charged, but that is a bit more complex in nature. Lol Good to see. I reply with, if you actually knew what the fuck you’re doing, you’d know I don’t need you. At all. Wait for a reply so I know they saw it and block and report them. 

I found one that has multiple accounts and weirdly talks differently between each account. The names are similar tho. I ask and yeah, alt account. Thanks for the info so I can block you all!

Thanks for the message! Some call them agreements, some call them contracts. I believe we have friend groups in the afterlife, we constantly reincarnate with most of these same friends. Sometimes we may only see them once in passing, but it triggers a feeling of knowing and something new to come along in our paths. If this unknown one kid and not the group struck you like this, then yes this could be y'alls little arrangement and what sparks your awakening. Trust what your gut and heart say before your brain. Keep going. I’m thinking this is one of the spirits that you have decided to connect with before you came into this life. You have probably been together through many lifetimes. You can let him go because you will see him again. I'm not saying your feelings are wrong and I've definitely felt connected to someone I didn't meet before their death (it was a different case - it was someone who committed suicide and I kind of saw their body... It shook me very much). 

But also be mindful and open to the idea that it may not be that same person at all (maybe a trickster spirit, maybe another kind of entity... Maybe - I'm always open to this as well and I think we all should - it's just your emotions). 

In my case I was able to get a lot of confirmation from what that spirit showed (I didn't see if it was a male or female body because it was covered, but I felt a female energy. I felt that the person was older and alone... And it was all confirmed when I was able to talk to someone - alive - who knew her). 

If you can't get that confirmation, I wouldn't dig deeper. I don't mess with spirits I don't know. Even in that case I sent that person a lot of love, lit a candle for her and parted ways. The only spirits I allow in ars my family members (i don't put guides in the same category as spirits). I’ve heard lots of stories about children being naturally more sensitive than adults, because they’re closer to the veil or because everything is so new to their lives. Since you have a family history of these gifts (which, if they’re hereditary, are typically passed through the maternal line), I wouldn’t be surprised if your daughter has inherited some of your abilities! 

Also, according to some folklore, a 7th daughter or son is naturally blessed with exceptional healing abilities. Fun fact since you mentioned six aunts. I used to get the occasional ringing which is kind of annoying.  For me, it progressed to hearing entities speak fluently.  Many psychic gifts are hereditary in nature.  I am of the opinion that most anyone can learn to develop psychic ability.  It is nice to see that you are accepting of your gifts and eager to move forward with them. I have experienced something similar this a few times in such a state. Music or lyrics i havent ever heard before in my waking life Yes, it was extremely beautiful I am a Death Doula. We use harp music to help the spirit leave the body and transform. Music is extremely good for the soul Yes! Many times 💕 I have had this happen as well and made a post about it. Apparently it happens often. YES.   I heard beautiful melodic singing like from the heavens.  Around the same time, I heard a child's voice calling me "Mooom".  I was told it was the spirit of a baby I miscarried soon afterward.  Several years later I ended up giving birth to her :) Learn Tarot and do readings.  At the start use the textbook meanings for the cards.  I use the Rider Waite Radiant deck.  As you become proficient allow your intuition to come through.  Listen to the little voice at the back of your mind. Speak out loud what it tells you.  That’s when your readings with become more accurate and you’ll know and say things that you couldn’t possibly have known. I knew someone would die my eighth grade year. I wrote long journal entry on my dear friend and sobbed. Had feeling in lot of my stomach constantly. She died not long after.

I could never see my sister as an adult. She was only 16 when she died.

Intuition is an art not a science. I think it’s very important to listen to your gut. We could predict the future about as accurately as our weathermen do.

Everyone has intuition. The way to enhance it is to use it more. To use it more pay attention to your surroundings and the voice you hear in your head. "When you learn to silence your mind, you'll listen to them."  


Qui-Gon-Jinn to Anakin Skywalker, about midichlorians.  


Intuition is always speaking to us, but in a very subtle way, not only through the voice in our head, but also through feelings and sensations, through images, sometimes through music, and our minds are so constantly busy that we just ignore our intuition by being worried about future events or past experiences.   


If we learn to silence our mind, through meditation, presence/mindfulness, or breath exercises, to name a few ways, you'll become better at noticing all the ways your intuition speaks to you. The hardest part is to follow that intuition, because it sometimes asks us to do things that appear insane or irrational, sometimes everyone will think your out of your senses, but that is another sign you're now being guided by it. What helped me a lot was meditating twice a day (10min)
Not to much because you don't want to strain yourself.
But thinking about nothing is like a portal for your intuition. Normally our thoughts follow up on each other, but when you manage to think about nothing, even for a few seconds at first, you create a small space for "spontaneous" ideas and thoughts.

When i progressed i meditated right before falling asleep when is was already in bed.
And this allowed me to see faces and visions.
But only for a split second still. When i realize its there its already gone. But its been a fun and exciting journey so far 👍🙂 Keep records. intuition is not about predicting the future, (that is called precognition, btw future vision),,,, intuition is like your inner guidance spiritual navigation system. one of the things I have been recently reviewing about my life (mid life review) is that if I had just always followed my own intuition, my life would have went down a much better & more fulfilling path. I have been realizing that my spirit always knew which direction to go, but I was led astray, misguided by others, I allowed other people to coerce me, manipulate me & guilt me into things, to the point where I became so out of touch with my intuition, it took major crisis to bring me back. for me intuition has always been strong& generally when I am alone I follow it, I had other people all up on my energy many years bc my lack of boundaries (& honestly I had no idea the extent of the manipulation & damage until v recently during a recent wave of awakening/ascension) ,,,, the other struggle or block I have encountered regarding intuition ( besides other people) is fear, worry, anxiety, self doubt & stress, but even those things are a result of our upbringing or social & societal conditioning, which implant many negative & malignant beliefs about our selves & again other people. I have been so intuitive & on point since childhood but life experiences had broken me down. lately I have been on the path of only following my intuition & shutting out all other influences (as much as possible.) I think that would be may best advice, stop listening to other people, examine your own social/societal beliefs, pay attention to your thoughts & your gut feelings, create strong boundaries & you  will be able to hear that inner voice more clearly. cleanse your body, mind, spirit & home. do this gently in a way that is natural. it takes time. there may be many ups & downs along the way but slowly you will begin to align more & your life will begin to shift, have patience in the process & also be open to learning, you will see where you have been out of alignment or misguided in your own beliefs & begin to take back power & responsibility for your life which brings confidence. :) To improve it: get used to knowing what you're feeling at any time of the day and why. Practice once a day for a few days, then twice, then thrice, so on. Identify your triggers for certain emotions--sunny, warm day equals contentment, rainy day equals contemplative, quiet, ruminating, etc. One song makes you angry, another makes you sad, another makes you happy. After hanging out with people, do you get any certain moods or vibes from each of them? Jot it down somewhere, make a list or a graph.

In this way, you can easily tell when you're feeling a certain way for explainable reasons, and when your intuition is trying to speak up (you feel angry after hearing a song that normally makes you happy--this is your intuition trying to tell you something).

Best of luck! Write down your dreams. When I really pay attention to mine, they start to loosely predict the future. Every time you have a thought about how you think something will go, or what will happen in the future, write it down in a journal and write the date. Then, go back later on to see if you were right. You might surprise yourself. Ringing In the left ear is a sign that some shit is about to happen and take caution. A few days ago, I had that ringing, and a weird feeling of something bad going to happen in the next few days. Tonight, I went to a bar with my cousins and I decided to drink very little to stay more aware. This random stranger cupped my butt with his hand- I felt a hand, turned around, and he was standing there behind me. When I asked him if he touched me, he said he was “trying to hold me up” as we were about to step into a booth, and I was sort of behind my cousins in the back. He disappeared after. I don’t know what would’ve happened if I was super hammered. It’s also about perception, practice people watching in public , notice how your body responds to people and situations, even places. Your spirit guides will also communicate through repetition or “coincidence,” as well as numbers and numerology, 444 or 1111. It’s not as complicated as you may think! Silence your mind. Dude imo intuition is just accessing the multiverse of your potential future timelines, which are more or less infinite, and being able to ask yourself which one you truly want. 

There's absolutely ways to train it. There's ESP training apps for your phone. They give you four squares and just say "guess the right square" but it's just a bunch of multi colored squares. 

My other favorite way to train that's saving my ass rn as far as providing me with income: trading stocks/cryptos. By far the most effective intuition trainer I've had. Once you do enough trading m, the chart starts coming alive with possibilities, and you start seeing patterns and zones that seem to gently nudge the overall timeline of the price this way or that. All the gentle nudges add up to an overall push and pull like a tide that you can jump into if you still your emotions properly and let your higher self guide you. 

I'll look at it, zoom out in a few different levels, and ask myself "what feels like the most likely next set of steps. And out of the 3 most likely scenarios, how would each one of the three affect the overall feeling of this chart." A most likely outcome begins to form, then you dial in how much risk you're willing to take. 

Basically everything can be traced and extrapolated into most likely possible future timelines if you follow the money, both into the last and the future. But you gotta stay completely in the present while you're doing it so you don't get sucked down undesirable timelines by accident. 

My whole life is my intuition story. Bruh I should've died so many times 🤣 Intuition saved me from possibly serious injury in a car crash. We had a head-on collision with a stobie pole, I still distinctly remember how the moments after it happened the air tasted like metal. The seat belt kept me from flying forward into the front passenger seat but also crushed my rib cage.

Before it happened, my then-boyfriend asked me to sit in the seat behind the driver so he could see me. My immediate reaction was to say no. I strongly felt I wanted to sit in the seat behind him, for no particular reason. Anyway, that seat he wanted me to sit in had collapsed and there was a heavy object on top of it (a car battery that had been in the back of the wagon).

It also possibly saved my 7-month old baby from choking or a trip to the hospital. When I heard him cough once, I sprung into action with no hesitation. He expelled a coin. I don't know why I reacted so quickly. Even my husband asked how I knew. There was no feeling that time, only a split second reaction. Do research.  There are a ton of books out there regarding intuition. It can be used for that.  A lot.  I'm not too pro on recounting stories. practice, learning how to use different tools/techniques, maybe try randonautica I can sense the future it happens alot 
Every week almost

It's always random unimportant stuff tho

Hopefully one day I'll be able to use this ability to become rich Tarot, automatic writing, and card selection truly helped me with my intuition. I've been actively practicing daily for a few years now. I have premonitions through dreams. I write down everything. I make notations of feelings and vibrations. I learned to listen to my gut. 


Our guts have hundreds of thousands of neurons which are directly affected by our processing of the world. That is where the "gut feeling" comes from. We are taught to not trust our intuition. Break away from that. Rely on it. Write it down. Validate your experiences. We all have the ability, but it takes practice, just like any other skill. Meditate a lot and gaslight yourself into thinking you have fantastic intuition. It works. And the results can be creepy.  
Some basic, but crazy examples from day to day was sensing phrases- I'd think of "Alea iacta est" for some reason throughout the day- and I'd see it later on some show my mom's watching. Another one was me thinking "deus ex machina". The next day, saw a dude on a motorcycle wearing a shirt which said this. There can be more extreme examples and it happens daily. It is usually not what you expect, because what you’re expecting has never gotten you anywhere. I curiously find I feel dread. Like I do construction, I dread grabbing an extra bucket randomly. Then I needed another bucket and have to make a trip back. When I grab the bucket anyways I use it [removed] This is intriguing to me! I may need to get a board soon. Silly question and please forgive my ignorance, but are these boards the same as ouijji?  I used ouija in the past with extremely accurate results, but was advised to never use one again, so I haven’t. It's clairvoyance and you're a psychic medium, most likely.  What you have described is extremely common in my life. I see hundreds of faces a day in my minds eye, mostly in the early morning or at night, often when falling asleep. Ive seen some native Americans too and also heard them playing music when I got so deep in my channeling that I was become aware of the astral plane. I do channeling of hundreds of spirits of humans or other entities through a portal in my head and have no real boundaries so I also see them when channeling. It can be terrifying and really hard to sleep some nights. I've seen little vignettes of people being murdered replayed for a few seconds in myinds eye too. Sometimes it comes more as a video  Some of the worst energy I ever came across was a guy staring at me from an electric chair. People from all time periods and in all states of condition emotionally. Sometimes their head is half cut off and they are wandering around in a totally confused state and other times they're mostly fine and just missed going to the other dimension. I have also seen non-human things and felt the energy of extraterrestrials or other non-corporeal entities. 

But yeah what you are experiencing is normal clairvoyance it's just your time to start having it. Things that are considered supernatural are actually just normal human abilities relating to evolution. I got woken at 2am in the morning by a shadow person solid, my fight instinct kicked in and I took to them (her) with a pillow that was going right through it for a good 2 mins miss was frozen on the bed who seen them also.
I ended up standing inside of it having a go till it went. My bed time is my time I do not take take well to been woken up like that 😔 We all have the Claire’s. This is just another form of intuition. I prefer the term intuition to psychic. The way to grow your talents is to use them. I haven’t found a Claire that I couldn’t get used to. When you ask what is the worst, I can’t think of one. But when you say which is the best… Both clairvoyance and clairaudience are the ones I find the easiest to work with, therefore the best for me. But remember, everyone is different.

Clairsentient (clear sensing) – body sensations such as tingling, warmth, cold, pressure, or pulsing

Clairaudient (clear hearing) – words, sounds, music, lyrics, or phrases

Clairvoyant (clear sight) – sights, colors, textures, images, moving scenes, or objects

Clairalient (clear scent) – scents, odors, or smells

Clairgustance (clear taste) – tastes such as bitter, sweet, or metallic

Clairempathy (clear emotions) – emotions, feelings such as anger, love, joy, sadness, or peace

Claircognizance (clear knowing) – inner knowing, where it just appears in your consciousness I think we're born with certain talents, and they grow with us when we use them. I don't think it's possible to develop clairsentience if you were born with clairaudience, for example. 

I mean it could be possible, but I think you'll have better luck identifying what you already have a knack for, and building on that. I have a combination of 3, being able to physically feel things, feeling emotions, and just knowing things. 

Whatever you decide to do, make sure you have a solid foundation for yourself spiritually. The only risk I can imagine is just being slowly overwhelmed from the stimuli, but again, if your energy is good, and you're in a good mindstate to handle it, you should be fine. I can see a news article or read something and put myself where the author or story went. As in,  if there’s a story about abuse, I have a 50/50 chance of trancing and experience(see, smell, taste, hear, feel) what the abuser felt and thought AS WELL AS the abuser. So I am super selective of what I subject myself to. My friend keeps the news on all day so I have him change the channel when I’m around. That sucks in epic proportions considering almost all news these days is war and bad stuff. 

So, whatever that’s called, don’t do it. Clairalient was very strange when it first got stronger in me since I could smell people through the mobile phone which was very intense when using instagram. Now I dont use that platform so often because it just feels weird af lol

Also clairempathy is crazy. Many people are very anxious and it actually feels really bad being around them. Real happiness is rare in the big city I live but when it happens it feels so amazing.

I guess all have their more or less enjoyable sides All clairs can get annoying when they activate at random. Like I'm clairsentient (the body one, never remember the name). I'm pregnant, and a couple of days ago I woke up to pee. When I was done with my business, I got a strong feeling of fear and danger in my body, which activated fight or flight response, and I wasn't able to go back to sleep till 6. My friends cat was run over that night.

I am mainly clairsentient, claircogizant and clair...the feelings one. Sometimes clair...sight pops up when I receive a message from a spiritual being, when they want to indicate a specific place, person or event.

It's difficult, but I'm trying to get a hold on them, after more than 15 years spent to fight them. It can be a mess. 


*Trigger warning death*
 When someone is about to die tragically my clairsentientcy (is it a word?) Goes crazy and I feel pain. Thing is with most of this feelings I don't know who/what they are related to. Sometimes I feel guilty I didn't save them. And it's a heavy burden to have on your shoulders.

So yeah clairs can be useful, cool and all, but can also be a pain They all have pros and cons 

But I would like to take this opportunity to vent about clairtangence when I’m eating. Seeing the entire animals life while chewing is depressing and has changed what I’m consuming and from where and how often. I get completely depressed with red meat and rarely ever have it, but chicken is easier. I have health stuff so I have to eat some meat or I would cut it out entirely. 

But also seeing the entire plants life can be annoying too. Particularly the hands picking it is an odd visual/sensation and the packaging or transportation after that.

Love my gifts though and I love helping people with them. So the annoying stuff is worth it, but it is trippy Clairsentience. 

Sense: *boy's name* 

Me: I know yes he's nearby and thinking of me

Sense: *boy's name boy's name boy's name*

Me: oh god *hates life for rest of the work day* Don’t worry, you’re not some weird creature or crazy, some people are just naturally more in touch with these things than others. In my case, the women in my family have been experiencing it for generations. It took a long time for me to really believe it, but the things I dream and feel randomly come true again and again and again. Some might call us psychic or witches, but those labels have varied over time, between cultures, and in this modern age what matters the most is how you feel and wish to identify; choose or reject whatever labels feel right for you, they’re pretty unnecessary. Thanks for sharing your experiences. Vulnerability takes great strength. Out of curiosity, has this been happening to you your whole life? I always like to ask because sometimes it can also be triggered by one or a series of especially traumatic physical or emotional events. I was diagnosed with c-ptsd myself, many years ago, but I'm grateful to have made a full recovery. Stay strong, sister! Having the ability to differentiate your anxiety from your true warnings already puts you 50 steps ahead! It is not something to worry about.  In the event you experience overwhelming anxiety you might want to consult a doctor.  It is normal to feel anxiety at first, but over time you should adjust and it gets better. ****Warning: Mentions of death***

I'm just like you. Don't worry, we're not crazy, I would argue that we're lucky. I think we're lucky to be able to protect ourselves and our families.

What I personally believe in is that we're all part of the tapestry of the universe, each of us is a thread being interconnected with others, and as time goes on, so does the tapestry. Thing is, some people like us, when something is about to happen, feel threads leading to an outcome that is not what we want, and we get a warning.

I believe the definition for me me personally is claircogizant (just knowing stuff, without it being connected to vision, hearing or other more tangibile senses) and clairtangent (receiving information with your body). 

What happens to me personally is that I just know stuff. It's like I'm a printer, info gets to me and then I "print it" and I "read it" like you would a message 😂 (worst description ever sorry 😂).

Sometimes I feel a sense of anxiety or fear that isn't my own, when the feeling regards someone that is about to die tragically I also feel like I can't breathe well and get chocked up, so I perfectly understand what you mean!.

Sometimes is a mix of both, especially if I channel spirits of various kinds, and other clairs pop up, but those two are the main way the universe uses to speak to me.

I know that it's scary. It's something that your body does that you don't have control over, it's weird, it's scary cause when you feel the clairtangence activate, the sensations are real, even though consciously you are perfectly able to understand that they don't relate to the mundane and don't belong to you.

From what you describe I think that what you experience is similar to what I experience. It's even weirder cause at least in movies and commonly people hear voices or see stuff, we don't have that kind of feedback 🤣.

So what are you? A person that is more sensitive to the tapestry of the world. Psychic? Clairwhatever? If you need a lable, it's whatever you feel rings true.

These abilities are scary, bit I'm slowly coming to terms with them. We're lucky. We can protect ourselves and our families, the universe has given us a gift. I used to call it a curse, now I'm slowly learning to consider it a gift. Cause it is. This a natural process,You are just transforming to your better empowered self..
Just stay calm and Don't talk about your experiences to people who are not capable to get insights on whats really happening to u as this can lead to misunderstanding..

As time passby you will find your tribe you are inclined to with people who are like minded ..

Just stay calm & keep on learning inwardly..

My pov✅ It's sounds to me like that checks out. If words are popping up in your head, then that might be psychic downloads or maybe claircognizance.
I've heard a lot of advice on this to just trust what's coming up and try to practice it. It shouldn't be hard to find intuition tests, and learning more about what you've been experiencing is definitely advised.

Idk anything about soulmates or twitching, but doing some research on it will likely help. The description you’ve given of thoughts just popping into your head sounds very much like how most of us describe claircognisance. It’s like a thought that crashes into your head from nowhere! The best way to try and strengthen & hone this skill is by having a regular meditation practise. We have an article on the sub WIKI FAQ that covers this as well as grounding, shielding and blocking, all essential skills for the more sensitive. 

As far as your soulmate goes, relax! Not everyone believes in the concept of soulmates, and those that do accept that a soulmate may not be the wonderful lifelong all encompassing love & passion experience that popular culture likes to portray it as. Regardless of your beliefs, if you believe your soulmate is on the way, just relax and get on with your life. Do what you usually do, how you usually do and see how the future unfolds. Manifesting one's soulmate against their freewill will result in a karmic relationship that will leave you unfulfilled to your expectation(s). 

Remember we are merely mirrors. Work on your shields and get into a good habit of cleansing your space every once in a while. The more you progress on this path, the more visible you become to spiritual entities, and some may be curious (though some might be hostile. So work on your shields.)

Another one... if you do encounter a hostile spiritual entity, they may try to trick you into thinking your shields/defenses have failed by projecting images into your mind to make you lose faith in your capabilities, and thus weakening you. Don't fall for it. It's just a trick. Reinforce your shields if you must, but remember that these things can be quite intelligent and crafty.

And one last one. If your thoughts start to betray you, and start to say hurtful/harmful things, and they won't stop, it's time to talk to a doctor about them. I'm a Medium, this is what happens to me when I sit with clients, or meet someone new and Spirit is stepping up. It's a loud ringing, sometimes in one or both ears, that lasts a short time and can be deafening momentarily. This was actually one of the first phenomena that led me to understand that I was a medium.

If you've ruled out medical, consider you may be picking up frequency shifts from the other side. how did it make you feel? what did your gut tell you? did it shape your perception of the people around you I get that in two ways. One high blood pressure (is important to know that) may be spiking due to few reasons. 
Second Not normally when I'm with someone but if someone is taking or thinking about me I get a ringing sounds, when I think of the right person it goes away, have messaged or called to get a hay I was thinking about you how are things going. I get his a lot because of my allergies. So if this happened to me I wouldn't be able to tell the difference between energy and my poor immune health lol. I'm glad you're ok. This is one of those situations where I would just see if happens more often or not then decide what it was. Sounds like a dimensional or ascension thing. Maybe that's how you know the experience or exchange is at 5D...I'd suggest you start making a note in a journal each time you notice it. Betcha you see a  pattern emerging:) Start keeping a journal of your psychic dreams and be sure to date them. They are guiding you. They may also help keep you safe. God speaks to us through these means among other things. 

Disregard nothing that you see while dreaming. Not everything we see in dreams have meaning, but by writing them down and studying them, you may eventually be able to know when a dream is a premonition from a dream just influenced by something mundane you’ve seen or thought of in your wakeful state. This describes my experiences to a T. I often have mundane dreams and then I will find myself in the same situation in real life. I’ve experienced these dreams/situations for my entire life. I’ve always wondered if my consciousness is simply traveling to other timelines in my sleep. If this is some type of psychic ability, I would love to know what I can do to strengthen it. I’m curious if there are other explanations You will learn as you progress that time is nonlinear in nature.  When I was a kid, it was stuff that happened minutes later than I perceived it and I was awake for it.  As I got older it became events that were days, then weeks, then months into the future.  Nowadays they are events that are years into the future.  I am currently in my late 30's.  In my case, it is hereditary as my aunt who also has this ability told me I had the gift when I was in my early teens.  My other relatives dismiss my aunt as crazy until she predicts things that happen later.  Kind of hard to ignore it when the results are definitive. Clairaudience. I hear energy, often gateways into fate pathways. Sometimes I far-hear or can get sentence downloads from my higher selves. I am happy for you! You'll be able to turn it off if you don't want it, so I wouldn't worry about that. I've interpreted it (at least in my case) to be the presence/direction of spiritual entities (possibly only the entities that have made themselves known to me? I don't know.)

EDIT: I've always wanted to know more about this but every time I've ever talked about it, people assume it's tinnitus and shut down the conversation. If it's constant ringing, it's usually tinnitus, some kind of ear nerve damage.

If it's occasional the way you describe, I look for spirit guides. Sometimes their energy will trigger the ringing. In my experience, when my left ear is ringing, chiming, buzzing, etc., It's a message from my guides.

When my right ear is ringing, it's most typically a message from spirit for someone else.

But I know when it starts, I need to grab my download journal. 

Of course everyone is different, but I know others who distinguish left side info and right side info.

I hope that helps 💜 In my experience, it usually indicates someone on the other side of things is trying to get my attention and wants to converse.  Once I practiced enough to tune into that side of things, the ringing stopped and was replaced with being able to hear them speak and or see them in my mind's eye. For me it's definitely tinnitus. Although I randomly hear what sounds like a little bell dinging so idk what THAT is about My mom always said that it means someone is talking about you My right ear is my typical spirit guide and has a typical tone and pitch. Recently - a couple months ago, a new spirit joined on the left. 

It was interesting because as they were trying to get through initially, I experienced different tones and pitches, but also my ear would grow persistently hot and flush at the top - but only at night or after specific triggers. After some questioning and we became acquainted, that stopped and the new spirit joined the regular tone/pitch.

More intense and louder ringing usually means more urgent messages to me.

I will usually do tarot readings in response to those kinds of consistent or persistent ringing in response to distinct triggers. And that stops it. 

I can also just journal and have sort of back and forth conversations with my guides but only if they’re willing. The tarot usually helps to jumpstart things but it’s not always necessary. It's a sign of spiritual awakening or in simple words, it's an installation of a new frequency by the guides. It's hard to mention specific insights like if the ringing is from the left ear is good or it's good ifs it's from the right.  You may have to pay attention next time during ear ringing and after to know better. 

 Here are some metrics for the next time. 

1. When the ear ringing happened, what were your thoughts? 

2. When the ear ringing happened, were you near some specific person? What is your relationship with that person and is the person spiritually evolved?

3. When the ear ringing happened, did you get any repetitive angel number signs? If yes, how they are connected with your current state of affairs.

4. What are some key changes you are observing in terms of health, energy, and overall emotional or stress-bearing capacity? 

This analysis will help you to see make your personalized insights. 

Best wishes. 

Andy Ear ringing was one of the signs that I figured out I was psychic. 

I follow an extremely knowledgeable naturopathic dr who has a huge following on YouTube. Five years ago he released a video on how to treat tinnitus (there is a way to tap the back of your head to stop the ringing). I’ve done the tap many times to stop my ear ringing. However a couple of years ago I was experiencing a very different relationship with a male coworker, it was platonic but there was something inexplicable there. One day he messaged me and I felt a physical reaction. My brain felt hot and it felt like it was being squeezed in a vice. My left ear started ringing and my ears started popping. Like the pressure in my head was changing due to the energy. I did the finger tap on my head but it did nothing. I just knew I was feeling this man’s energy. 

Fast forward two and a half years and I am a different person. I’ve developed psychic abilities and a relationship with this man who I’ve figured out is my soulmate. My ears will occasionally ring but my body has gotten better with receiving the energy and better interpreting it. 

I can’t tell you what your ear ringing means. I would do something like practice and ask very specific questions and paying attention to the ringing. For example start with a basic question you know the answer to such as your name. Try to detect a pattern by asking additional questions you know the answers to. Perhaps soon you may get to the point where you can receive answers to questions you don’t already know the answer to. It may take some time but this is where I would start if I were you. Good luck! Left ear ringing is a warning. My homie as someone who has hearing loss and tinnitus. Go to an audiologist It’s probably tinnitus. Aliens tuning into your brain When did you notice it begin? when i was younger i would get random periodic ringing and when i wondered what it was i instantly got the idea that it was “aliens” trying to contact me. fastforward 10 years and i read that people believe it is actually something along those lines A powerful spirit is near and wishes to communicate. I always remember one in particular. I was just sitting on the floor in my room then it happened. It was so loud my ears became a bit numb I could still hear it in my mind after it stopped. That was maybe two years ago haven't had one that loud since. Oh damn this happens to me and I have to stop what I’m doing because the ringing is so intense.
Doesn’t happen often so I know it’s not a health condition. I’m also new to it as well and I’ve been having the same exact occurrences happening to me too. At first I thought it was just a coincidence but then it started to get even more stronger and more obvious and I’ve been questioning it for such a long time and I would also love feedback and on what’s going on too! It doesn’t sound crazy at all. I definitely believe you. I’m really starting to believe things like this are kinda normal. Simple exercise, such as getting a deck of cards and guessing what comes next, or when taking the lift knowing which one is gonna open first. Stuff like that.

Of course it's not serious stuff, that's gonna come with time And also if any of you were curious, first time I've ever acknowledged this was when I was 12, so about 3-ish, 4-ish years ago. Yeah, definitely normal. If you try and work consciously on it, it may expand You can't help, save, or heal addicts.  They have to want to change first.   If they heal, it's them healing themself, not healing from outside person. Empathic people may not be the best people to help addicts either, as empaths often struggle with maintaining boundaries, and boundary work is essential when working with anyone at that level of addiction. Be careful with this if you are clairsentient. I felt a strong psychic and emotional connection once, with a coworker.


I knew that he was a recovering heroin addict. And I knew the day he relapsed because I suddenly felt high beyond belief when I looked at him. I've never tried heroin and prescription narcotics aren't effective for me so I don't bother. But that day, I think I felt what heroin feels like. And I was at WORK experiencing this. Part of being a healer is coming to terms with need that you can’t help. Maybe your drawing this to you is an attempt to learn that lesson?

Here’s a complaint from my mother that I’ll share ‘no matter how drunk or abusive a man is, there is always some woman who will care for him. But if a woman has even half those problems, she’s alone’

I know that’s a harsh thing to say and hopefully not true. But I wanted to share it because there is a dynamic people fall into with addicts. You might be able to feel their pain but if they aren’t there to support you… don’t invest too much in it. Invest in people who amplify your energy. I'm an addict and can attest that what they're saying is true. I just say well timed things to people if possible. I’ve found if I intervene in anybody’s life, especially somebody drowning in addictive sorrow (I believe that they can no longer perceive spirit when in the addict state) that it blows up in my face every time. This is unless they invite me in, or if I believe that I can plant a seed in their mind that could grow to their benefit if they choose to nurture it. As an empath it's tricky for me  to manage energy and connection with toxic people bc the nature to transmute is just there. I don't have to go out of my way or take extra steps to send healing, it just is and does.  It's difficult with my nature to simply observe without healing I suppose... Helping them. Being able to relate and be there to listen. Guide - that’s all I got but I’m sure it would develop maybe into healing This is very interesting. I can’t help by giving any further insight but it also happens to me every now and then. Most times the words show up in dreams for me, not while I’m awake. I'm not sure what you are communing with but most of it is auto translated psychically into a form your mind can understand.  However, in my case, if you ask the entity you are speaking with to use their native tongue, they will speak in other languages.  I've googled them afterwards and they were full sentences in other languages.  I don't do it a lot since it's largely useless but it is fun to do to with friends to laugh at how insane it is that reality is like this. I get most of my messages in languages I don’t understand. It’s frustrating. But I believe this is because I am at the relative beginning of my journey and I’m science oriented so it’s easier for messages to come through in alternate languages when I fight my intuition. The messages that repeat get looked up and I can’t question them when they stare back at me in text. Do you mean telepathically? Because the translation is automatic although some things don't translate over well and I actually get a blank space when that happens. We all do. Before you go to bed ask to speak to your main guide. He or she stays with you for a lifetime. Write down what happens when you wake up Check out the book Opening to Channel by Sanaya Roman and Duane Packer. It’s all about how to connect and communicate with your guides :) Try summoning them in a lucid dream Spirit guides/higher selves won't do something if it would do you harm or conflict with your autonomy/freedom of choice. Try opening up the realm of possibilities and try to meet them in the middle of what's holding them back. What is that ? I have this little spirit who follows me everywhere and gives me advice I named them teto We have past lives. And wives and husbands from then. And they're with us depending who's in physical space at the time. Friends and family. And random people who love you. Always. Everyone. They hear it all. Don't worry, you have guides. Everyone does. They're just waiting for you to reach out. You could try praying or meditating, just make sure that at the beginng of the session, you state your intention to meet them. I feel the same way. I don’t think I even have spirit guides. I’ve always dealt with things on my own. I’ve never seen or felt anything. Then again I am rather skeptical of them. Idk if I believe in them or not. You could use a pendulum. Aren’t they angles assigned to you? I heard they really don’t care how you die, they just have to “guide” you. We have 3 main angels and 3 main demons , they guide us everyday, through thought patterns , synchronizicity and much more the eyes can’t see . But yeah try to contact them in the realms Dm Everyone has spirit guides. I’ve had tarot readings done by other psychics and I’ve also meditated and asked them to show me visions in my mind to guide me or visit me in my dreams. I’m pretty into dream interpretation and sleep with black tourmaline and amethyst under my pillow. I also keep selenite under there as well so they’re constantly charged and cleansed to protect from negative energies. Your guides can't usually intervene in material affairs... they are around, but there isn't much (for whatever reason) that they can realistically do to help us out other than remind us that we're not ever truly alone. I suggest you listen to 639hz & do automatic writing ✍  it will make sense later..after a good amount of contemplation on the things u have written.. Yes you could connect with them via frequency or listening to binaural beats like 639hz 963hz awhile sleeping.. by doing it constantly you might be able to astral travel or achieve lucid dreaming and u could receive some kind of indication in dreams or starts to seriously notice angel numbers such as 222 333 etc..
all it takes is consistency...

My pov✅

🎯Based on experience 

For age 20+ only Yes, talk out loud or in your head to them. Especially to your personal God or God-concept. 

Express, vocalize, commune with God. All your angels and protectors will naturally appear because that is the most attractive thing you can literally do to call them, is to focus on their beloved, which is God. Which is you. You're God.

Ask God/your protectors for help communing. They will absolutely help you and they love to do that. You're basically fulfilling them by asking, like asking a librarian where a book is, they go "oh! Here! Do this!" 

Like an infinitely patiently librarian who is just waiting to help you find what you need, ask the Spirit within you that guides your life for help. You don't need to have faith to do this, you are free to doubt, they will help you no matter what For me they just came to me in energetic form one night when I was 17. My mom gave me a box of string lights with "Sirius" on it and I instantly knew that I had a past life over there and that my guides are from there as well. It felt very soothing and familiar. I have never met a guide trough meditation so it's not necessary if you don't like it. Mine come to me in my dreams! Meditation can look different for different people. I found that altering your technique according to your most dominant element that you connect with (this element is not always your astrology element) can help a whole lot! It's easier for water and earth elements to connect with standard practices of Meditation and air and fire elements have to have a form of "active" Meditation. That is where you are performing a mundane task that you are neutral about and letting your mind fully clear while your body does the work, if you are open and receptive your guides may announce thier presence. Also try asking for things out loud! For example as for help finding your keys one day and you'll be surprised to find them in a spot you thought you already checked! Some people can't hear or see them clearly but you are already connected and they can hear you. This happened to me, I know so many people on Reddit think you can’t get hurt in the astral but they are wrong. It’s not like dreaming where it’s all in your mind, the astral is a real place with real entities existing there. From what I’ve been told a human being is like a beacon of light which attracts low vibrational energy. Praying to god and other protective measures are a must, also don’t attempt this when you are depressed/stressed/anxious your vibration needs to be HIGH like really high before you even attempt remote viewing or it’s like a moth to a flame with those entities. Even Robert Monroe (I highly recommend his books) sometimes encountered bad things there. Sounds like void energy. In my experiences it feels like napalm, burning. Whatever it was you don't want to mess with. Work on protection as well as dispelling negative energy. I suggest you continue exploring but with protection maybe you wear like a blessed necklace or something on your body so you shouldn't have any problems awhile on astral plane.. It’s really ghetto out there lmao. 
If you want to do that stuff protection is a must … I mean a must…

Unless you like a shadow person infestation. The astral realm can be exceedingly dangerous.  One must proceed with caution, and it is best to use the buddy system when you are starting out.  The two primary risks associated with astral travel are a psychotic break and a coma.  I would hazard to guess that the unsavory entity found you.  In my early years, it was a rough and tumble learning curve. I'm new to this so...how do you reach a state of being able to view remotely? Could you describe the process in detail, and how much practice does it take, can anyone do it? It’s appropriate to be wary. Evil is extremely powerful and seductive. Most intuitive people are drawn to it at some time in their life. It’s up to you whether you delve deeper or not.

Not unusual to feel like you did. I had a premonition of a divorce 6 years ahead didn’t even know the person but at first glance I knew it wouldn’t work out. Every fucking day. Yes, it seems I'm particularly good at spotting pedos, and unless you have kids to protect and do so, there's nothing you can do. It's pretty awful to know something like that and not be able to do anything about it. Just let the info flow..keep it calm & try finds clues if you are right about it..if so further develop this ability & use it to your advantage ✅ When I astrally project it's like I'm traveling through other planes of existence.  Like planes of law and order with robots.  Planes with stary skies and mystical Chinese dragons, misty forest with tree roots with eyeballs that speak into your mind and fairies.  Celestial observatoried, solar realms, etc.  My deity helped me with it but it happened in meditation, never when trying to rest, and never when trying to wiggle around doing most of the guides people say.  I grabbed my deities hand in my mind and she led me on a journey across time and space. Why would u want to control it?..
Use it to your advantage, write it down develop the ability properly & you will find success in making use of this psychic ability if further developed...

My pov ✅ I think you’re looking at it the wrong way around. It didn’t happen because you thought of it, you just knew it was going to happen before it did. And the best way to gain clarity and strength it makes a by starting a regular meditation practise. That could be due to planetary effects

One possible reason ✅ Some people can sense death like animals can sometimes. I’m not sure what it means. I feel you have a gift. Sometimes realizing it helps embrace it and your gifts will grow. 

It’s possible it only happens with animals too. I would meditate on it and see if your guides give you any insight. You will learn with experience that time is far from linear in nature.  Some folks have a gift for being able to look around the corner before whatever it is occurs.  Welcome to the club and learn to accept your ability.  It is nothing to worry about or stress over. What are angel numbers? Same here. But I’m stuck with seeing numbers and feeling protected. Which is great! But I’d love to learn more about how to connect  thats your Invitation from spirit to start a meditation routine 

Master your mind and a whole new earth awaits
You behind the dark web of thoughts 

Enter the Dhyānas and unlock all the siddhis.
Sounds like an advert but it actually works, just be patient and persistent. Angel numbers started appearing to me too when I was in the initial stages of discovering my abilities. They still do, several times most every day I will glance at a clock at see the time ends in 11. It’s uncanny. I’ve asked my guardian Angel if she’s doing it but she insists it’s me doing it. 

What I first started doing in the initial stages of developing my abilities is listening to meditation videos on YouTube. You can find narrated ones where a person who specializes in meditation talks to you to guide you. I highly recommend trying it if you’re new to meditation. Try r/mediums While you’re at it.

If you are psychic, or a medium, you should be able to sit quietly and work with spirit Look up claircognisance. It literally means ‘clear knowing’. On some level you were made aware, you knew even if you didn’t know or weren’t immediately aware you knew, of this thing coming up before it actually did. Happens all the time to me.  I am in my late thirties now and can remember it happening as far back as when I was 8 years old. I thought at work today "haven't heard from (insert customer) for a while". 3 seconds later.. that customer called and I swear on my life, I'm not making this up. Wait until almost every convo around you answers the question you’re asking yourself internally. Practice, practice, practice. It will happen even more often Well I did have a delicious watermelon today. 

But yes, this happens to me a lot. When you get a flash of something, just know something about that thing is about to show up. Ok but don’t go crazy and irrational with this, observe and practice. You’ll get scary good at knowing what’s about to happen all the time. Have you ever looked into manifestation and the law of attraction? Daily You and the All are One. Maybe the All is just as surprised and curious as You. It reveals something about our minds we don't yet understand.  Something in the subconscious.  Like telepathy or intuition or synchronicity. Yeah, I have had this happen a lot. It makes me question if we are living in a simulation. I was JUST walking to my computer, thinking about how I needed to be more at peace. I sat down, opened up youtube, and there was a video about pink amethyst with the title "The crystal of loving peace". It happened not long ago within seconds. How about a song pops into your head, and then it is played on the radio? DJ projecting thoughts? You see a lot of things in life. If you think about it, it just makes you more aware of it.

Have you ever seen how many baby product ads there are? Well once you're a parent you feel like they're everywhere, but if you're not, you can bearly notice them. If you think about something and its in recent memory, you will pay more attention to it. All the time and it's pretty eerie how detailed the random premonitions can be at times. The CIA had a remote viewing program. 

But also, science has certain requirements and must be able to quantitativly measure the results which is hard to do with psychic ability. 

Also, most people have no idea what psychic ability is ... they all seen to think it's fortune-telling and set these rigid parameters to measure the results. 

Also, $cience won't bother with it because no one can mass-produce it, so no one is going to pay to have it studied ... at least not publicly. ;) Science was meant to quantify phenomenon that is greater than itself, you cant define something by a system too small to comprehend it🙏🏽✨ Because of free will. 

Each individual creates his reality, by developing a sense of grasping how the world's works. Forcibly introducing something that's against the concept of said individual reality, would deprive them of their agency to develop in their own direction. What would proof look like? “Magic's just science that we don't understand yet.”
Arthur C. Clarke

Proof is in the eye of the beholder — to twist up a quote. 

So what would prove to you that the psychic ability exists?

I once had a damful (my term) ask me what color car his mother drove. This was an email. I responded with “Blue. But since she’s dead now she doesn’t drive.”

Never did get a response. 

So was I right? I figured the troll would respond if I was wrong. What do you think? Its hard to prove something to a man not ready to see beyond his believing, collectively, people don't want to accept it as a reality. It's why the majority go to work, to survive. Theres no need to physically exert yourself to accomplish anything in life We don't have the tools to prove it just yet. I personally think many (not all) psychic abilities have foundations in quantum physics. For example, dark matter is theorized to be subatomic particles that don't physically act on matter, but can phase through matter and be transferred as information. We still don't know much about dark matter and our current understanding of neuroscience is just the tip of the iceberg. Once we get a handle on that, then I think the rest will follow. I think Science is catching up with this whole field. There is a netflix docu called "Surviving Death" and it has scientists on that talking about their studies and stuff, its really interesting. 

&#x200B;

However, I have always said "seeing/experiencing is believing" & I have personally had enough proof to show me that my beliefs are correct (at least to me). Because the premise of it is not falsifyble, and science doesn't work with inconcrete premises. 
There are things that were considered "esoterics" and have been proven to exist. 
Lucid dreaming for example, mediation having an effect on the mind and good ol' placebo, proving that belief has an effect on the body beyond material influence. 

Now to put you into a secret, i have studied biophysics, and on my science campus i have met enough scientist and scientist to be who delved into the occult and deviation in their private time - of course they are more sceptical than your average psychic and less prone to believe whatever. But enough of them are curious to try things out beyond proven science. 
However, most scientists don't flaunt or tell their beliefs in the open, it's extremely personal and of no use to tell others about it, since it's a private matter. 
You can talk with them about parallel universes, remote viewing and telepathy, but very few will believe you're a starseed because someone sometimes heard some alien voices. Most of the phenomenons are explainable by less supernatural means. 
And there is also a certain idea most of us agree on:
We know some effect exist, but we don't know why, so we won't name it. 
Psychic stuff is a subjective topic, it doesn't have actual objective rules so to speak. 
This is why it cannot be scientifically proven, not fully. We can talk about effects existing, but not about the actual cause. 
Science deals with objective reality, and psychic is about subjective reality. This is why it's called "esoterics" (inside) and not "exoteric" (outside).

Edit: i also want to mention on thing since people forget this often. Science is magic, modern scientific methods are adapted from ancient alchemist methods, and science has always been a torn in the eye for the religious, because science make the unattainable attainable, the the unknown known and the mystical profane. 
When the reasons for your sickness start to become small organism you cannot see with the naked eye, but study and understand, instead of divine or demotic power, religion loses it's power over people. 
I see it so much in this sub, but don't mix up beliefs with practice. You can practice without having divine belief. 
You can practice with also researching cause and effect.
Don't treat science as your enemy. It wasn't scientist who hunted down witches, scientist were hunted down by the same people who hunted witches. People who are open to it receive their own individual proof. Read the book Distant Mental Influence by William Braud PHD. There’s plenty of scientific studies and government documents. You have to research it In the world of roulette forums there is an occasionally ongoing battle between players thinking they can beat roulette busing systems and those using precognition. There are public sites where you can play for free (play money). Both sides ridicule the other.
The precognition side proved way beyond any doubt - I mean ridiculously, one guy turned 3,000 into 3 million and yet the system guys wouldn’t have it. 

It was there plain as day but they still weren’t satisfied.

Sometimes people just don’t want to listen. There is. Your dreams that have come true. Let's start there. I believe you're talking about movie psychics or so called mind readers. No amount of evidence would ever convince a skeptic, remember that. No amount of evidence to the contrary would ever cause a true believer to relent. This is human nature. Personally, I do not believe something unless I see it with my own eyes - and that said, I have seen tons of incredible things that lack "scientific" explanation. I don't implore you to take my word for it, I just think most people do not open their eyes enough to see the "magic" around them, they become blind to it or don't know how to quantify it, so they ignore it.

It doesn't fit their paradigm, so it is discarded: "Oh, I was just tired/drunk/high/dreaming/hallucinating/mad/whatever", and those people, even when they witness it, do not see it (and we can say psychic here. Or ANY OTHER paranormal event). There is always an excuse out - you are never forced to accept that type stuff as being a reality (it seems to be one of the rules).

The opposite end of this spectrum is people who buy too much into their own bullshit. They get one little small sign of something and think it vindicated anything they ever thought about something - you can tell these type people because they are vehemently attached to a certain concept or idea or person or teaching or what have you, their path abruptly ended at some point and try get caught in a certain cycle. 

This one is a bit harder to explain, so I will use Psychic as an example. 

A human who loves the occult reads an occult book and then has a psychic experience. They attribute this psychic experience to the occult book, they don't think it is possible without it. In their world view, occult = psychic. When they go to explain to the next person about their psychic ability, they say it is occult related. Well, turns out, the other person also thinks they are psychic, but got their powers from Jesus or whomever, so even though both people are discussing that psychic is real and they are both experiencing it, they immediately discredit the evidence the other presents IN FAVOR OF THEIR ABSURD VIEW, because it conflicts with their person psychosocial understanding of "Psychic".

This happens even in Sciences - a plate shifting is an earthquake to a geologist and a tsunami to an oceanographer. That is a poor example, but I mean to use it to illustrate how we can use different words to describe what is the same thing. While this muddles the sciences and makes them tedious, it absolutely cripples our ability to even begin discussing the paranormal, let alone investigating it. 

The real "Tower of Babel", if you could imagine, is like a funny game the Gods have played on the poor humans: we can all learn to speak the same language, but under no circumstances can we ever seem to agree on words for the paranormal. I see a ghost, you see an alien, our friend sees a demon. We are forbidden to have the same experience and call it the same thing, for another person, it is Psychic. There has been. You haven't looked hard enough.

What you're really asking is why isn't it accepted in the mainstream, and that answer requires a little philosophy I believe. Mme. Blavatsky 

Marie Levau 

Sir Edgar Casey 

Rasputin

Nostradamus Real Magic - Dean Radin

Limitless Mind - Russel Targ

Both are books full of scientific experiments and give plenty of other sources, there is lots of proof out there that psi is real.

Third Eye Spies is a free documentary on remote viewing.

Placebo Effect is scientifically accepted, that's proof hiding in plain site. Princeton Engineering Anomalies Research Lab rupert sheldrake proved we can tell when someone is staring at us, also many other weird things with animals Please read this: https://www.analogsf.com/current-issue/the-alternate-view/ , someone just shared this here: https://www.reddit.com/r/precognition/comments/vi3ffq/advanced_waves_that_could_be_involved_in/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf Remote Viewing (RV) has been tested extensively, with experienced RVers being in short supply when it comes to working with LEOs.

Only difference between fucking around and actual science is having it written down. Because it's ambiguous. We are all connected I believe we all share a mutual consciousness through empathy and meditation but if you think some people are born with super powers you've seen too many fictions. Why some and not others also people guesses numbers when gambling it's only fair to assume that applies to any deluded person who thinks they can read the future and people who makes a profit out of this, although I don't blame them you have to be an idiot to spend money on a stranger under the pretense of being told crafted answers. How many people get dead after they've been told it would happen and if it does a few times, a lot of people are going to become hard believers despite the fact it doesn't happen oftentimes actually it nearly never happens people just want to believe in something even at the cost of their best interest Psychic abilities have been proven many times using repeatable experiments that are peer reviewed. The experiments have met scientific rigour and beyond. The results have been on the front cover of Science magazine! Uri Geller has written documented proof from his days working with the CIA that he can do everything he says he can. People choose not to believe what is in front of their eyes. The world is not quite ready to believe but as quantum physics moves further into the realm of magic people will have to start believing. Professional psychics are largely frauds. They rely heavily on cold reading. So they are right out. 

Actual psychic abilities aren’t reliable enough, especially in the kinds of situations they like to test psychics under. So while there is occasional low level evidence, it falls apart when you try to standardize the testing. There is a lot of variability in how it manifests. I believe it has been shown beyond reasonable doubt. You're really not meant to discuss verbally anything that you discuss psychically with someone else. This is something most psychic people adhere to and was new to me as I only came into this a few years ago.

They believe that to do this could jeopardise their gift and have spirit take it away.

That could be part of it.

Another part of it is why do we need to prove anything to people that a) do not have the gift and b) don't believe it. There is zero benefit for any real psychic to do this. The world simply is too asleep for this to be important. Having met many psychics during my 57 years on this planet, never have I encountered one that has been able to prove themself to be genuine.  Most are innocent but self deluded many are scam artists.  Our minds function on many cognitive biases such as confirmation bias and subjective perception.  We are suckers for Barnum statements and easily succumb to the Forer effect. I have yet to meet a genuine psychic. I think that psychic abilities are becoming more and more known/shown especially with social media being a big part of our generation. If there is proof and it lies in the hand of someone powerful I’m pretty sure they would want to keep that secret to themselves and try to stray people away from it by exposing it falsely like ufos. In other words I believe there is proof but it is an individuals “duty”  to prove it for themselves and walk the journey rather than it be public/mainstream. Also there’s so much more people diving into spirituality nowadays because of the access to information we have with the internet but it’s also another group of people that claim to be “woke”(I hate that word/phrase) and I believe they think it’s a trend and dont realize that being enlightened/spiritual/finding the power within yourself is such a long/tough journey not just buying crystals at your local shop Baba vanga. There is actually LOTS of proof. Institute of Noetic Science does lots of experiments of all kind of psychic phenomenon.  Look up Dr. Dean Radin. Just him alone has lots of research. Uri Gellar at Harvard. Many members of collegiate academia are involved in the occult and research into psychic ability. I can give you many more examples if you want them. Because so many people make money off of acting like they have psychic abilities when in all reality it’s very rare to have them. People don’t know how the gifts work and how they are used and that’s usually a clear indication that they are a fraud. There’s no “proof” because they’re are more fraud psychic then they are real ones. The real “psychics” are in hiding. Why would someone with supernatural abilities wanna be broadcasted. The government uses everything as a weapon. Mermaids are real too but they won’t catch them because they’re too smart and are in hiding for a reason. The psychic mediums yah see on Tv (FAKE). Psychic abilities are real but you have to know how evil the government is to actually understand why there’s no proof of any of this other then what they choose to show you guys on TV. Psychics dont predict the future, they help you understand the future yourself. There's no science here. Psychics don’t need proof I'm intrigued by all things "psychic". I’ve challenged literally hundreds of remote viewers.  I have a large sheet of paper in my cupboard in my hallway.  On it in very large characters is a 6 digit number written very clearly and written in a specific colour.  Of the.very few remote viewers that have risen to the challenge (I offer £1000 reward) none have come close to getting the number or coulor correct. Because science can't yet create a mechanism to replicate the infrastructure of it, so it can't be tested in all directions. When you live many lifetimes, you often reconnect with people you knew in past lives.  Usually there is a strong sense of familiarity and it has been my experience that you often have shared past memories that come to light when your paths cross again.  Reincarnation is very real.  Feel free to dm me, op. Rock on! Congrats on your superpowers! Yeah, your Saturn return is in your late 20's so expect a lot of awakening about then. It would be best to get some support that you trust before then. Also, be cautious about sharing this with others, particularly at work. One of the things you're going to have to learn is how to turn your gifts on and off. If you are empathic, you're also going to have to learn to cleanse yourself and your living quarters. I suggest that you avoid violent movies, as well as horror. Pay attention to your dreams and get plenty of rest and self-care. Take up yoga and meditation daily. You really need to have your own space for rest and recovery from the insanity of the world, which will become evident as you develop yourself further. Good luck! My wife is a super-psychic and she spent 30 years developing her talents. There are many workshops you can attend, which are good places to find new friends who can support you on your new journey! I'm willing to provide as much support for you as I can. It's been my life journey to support women in developing their psychic gifts. I would start reading up on being psychic and awakening "gifts"  just in case as better to be aware of things just in case so you don't think you're going crazy 😊.  Your patient sounds like a lovely lady and like she knows what she's talking about 🤗 good luck, take care🙂 You can do what I did which was ignore stuff like this until you forget how many psychics come up to you in different scenarios and tell you the same thing. And then do something about it.

But really the first step I wish someone had taught me was psychic protection or psychic self-defense. It would have made a lot of my jobs a lot easier. This is very heartwarming to me for some reason When i first bought my home I used to come home and hear people talking. I would come into the kitchen and i could hear them in the living room.  As soon as i turned to go into the dining room it would stop.  I don't hear them anymore and I don't know why it stopped. Wow, what a story. yeah sounds like your psychic gifts are awakening! it can be intense and uncomfortable, do your research, ask questions 🔍🥇💓 you could look into clairaudience. maybe you feel a connection with the cancer constellation? also the numbers 9 and 6 might be important to you. 
personally i’ve found the more i ignore these ummm, gifts, skills, callings… the more i struggle in life and the more nothing makes sense. there’s a lot of people going through this, myself included. you’re not alone! take it slow and steady, however you may have to take a leap of faith every now and then. there are things we can’t always see but just know there is soooo much going on in the background trying to help us find our way. best of luck 🦋☮️🌅🍒 Past experience is truth, you can choose to accept it and progress, you can choose to doubt it and regress My ex-partner used to work in a place where he (and I) frequently heard whispered conversations just slightly too far away to distinguish. None of his work colleagues ever admitted to hearing anything. He even recorded it on his phone, and played it for them but they accused us of faking it! Funny enough whenever I was there with him, there was always some incident that happened that we couldn’t quite explain, albeit something small. Maybe having two mediums together triggered something there, but not even to make clear communication. I obviously won’t tell you where it was, but if you could imagine residual spirits to be anywhere, that was a great candidate. It never seemed to be in just one room or just one corridor either, or one area either; it could have been anywhere in the entire and huge place, but was always just slightly too far away to clearly hear. There were many times we would follow the whispers & try to track down the exact location, but even when we narrowed it down to say a particular single room with only 1 door on the third floor, the second you opened that door - silence. An empty and silent room. We’ve both been psychic all our lives and had embraced mediumship a few years before that. Some time after we’d split up, we had a conversation about it. He’d had a bad experience with the mediumship in the meantime and completely closed himself down to any and all psychic abilities. He refused to even acknowledge his own intuition by that stage. He was still working at the same place however and I asked if he still heard those whisperers and he said he didn’t. Whatever or whoever they were, they now knew he wasn’t even interested in being open to them anymore, and I guess that’s why he didn’t hear them. I, of course, never had reason to go there again so I can’t tell you if they’re still there or heard by anyone else.  We visited various known haunted locations and saw/felt/heard many different spirits over the years, but neither of us ever got anything else about what was going on there. We were definitely open to communication, we actively tried to, but maybe it wasn’t active spirits as such, just some sort of  residual energy? I’ve been investigating the paranormal for over 30 years, and this place still stands out. We tried everything we could to debunk it, we looked for every single cause we could think of, human or otherwise, cut off all power, added lights, left doors open, sprinkled talc in floors, catches on doors, set a million and 1 different traps and a million and 1 different cameras and sound equipment. We never got anything other than these whispers we couldn’t explain. I’m absolutely 100% sure it wasn’t human or a wind up, but I’m also 100% sure I still don’t know what it was. 

It’s something I’ve heard a lot from people who work in hospitals, any place military related or just old buildings with long histories. Those even slightly sensitive do see/hear/feel things, that others don’t. What we see/hear/feel, and how we exams or tap into that, isn’t always so easy. My guess is she knows you from a past life and she’s helped you before and remembered that That is so cool! Keep note of your 27 year of age.  It'll be a fun one if you grow your gifts Wow. What a neat experience. How special that y’all found each other. I can only imagine it must have brought her some comfort to feel that kind of connection in such a bleak environment. I’m honestly so afraid that I might tell the wrong person and get lobotomized or something Around 2-3 am is called the witching hour, its the time when the veil between your mental reality and your physical reality starts to tear. Your brainwaves try to go into theta and delta as if you were asleep causing dreamlike or otherworldly experiences. 

You were also confirming eachothers reality through your body language, which causes your experiences to match up through your natural defense mechanism. Shes been through it before and recognized your patterns, and so she was used to the threat. Which is why she responded that way. The reason they match up can be contributed to what is known as reality maps. So for example in the most socially accepted reality map- if someone heard voices but saw nothing they would probably assume they just heard someone else's conversation in the next room. Depending on the area they might look into it, or not...But another person who believes in the supernatural (or is open to it) and saw nothing there would attach the situation to a supernatural experience. Which is 2nd most common way to organize these experiences- Hearing voices is a common hallucination, and she figured out your body language cause she has the same reality map as you. Look at some of my postings, I'm more than sure one will resonate with you ❤️❤️❤️ Did she say anything else? The old lady I mean. Look into Clairaudience and telepathy Hi OP. I'm betting this all feels really weird right now, since you weren't exactly looking for this experience and it was sprung on you out of the blue. I know what it's like to suddenly be stuck questioning the reality you've lived in up until this point, and just not be able to shake that something genuinely happened.

Some things that have helped me deal are grounding practices (meditation, qi gong, regular stretching, dancing) and cleansing (white sage, Epsom salt baths). I'd recommend getting something like a black kyanite fan necklace, and/or a smoky quartz bracelet, to wear regularly. Especially at work, considering the need to protect your own energy. 

My surprise was starting to feel energy again (thought I'd made all that stuff as a kid up) when a nerve came unpinched. It's been a bit of a mind fuck to say the least! 🙏 beautiful. You have known her a long time. This is awesome. I too have met someone that I’ve known before….shreds of the past fly into my head but sometimes I think that maybe my imagination is just supplanting stuff…… WOW! This is an awesome thing...you're so lucky! ☺️ This has happened to me before. It’s not a ‘crazy’
thing at all. 

But, yeah, it’s exasperating but you probably don’t want to overshare that this is part of your reality. 
Not so much the weird factor as the “why not me too” factor, especially from relatives. 

If we experience a mass enlightenment, and suddenly many more people are open to listening, you could help so much! 

But you’d still want to step carefully. It’s not all bright light out there. I see people from the past going around their day to day business. They are translucent. What is this called? Not to be disrespectful, but that clearly sounds like schizophrenia. If your pt. was oriented to TPP and didn't have any other chief sx, then it's possible this is a phenomenon not explained by medicine. I’ve heard of preparing some tradition meals, into the moonlight or full moon, if you will.  What else are some ways, rituals, practices I can do to strengthen the presence or connection or the back and forth communication of those who look out for me in another realm? 
Thanks 🙏 I'm going to copy what I said in another post since I don't want to type it all out. It's someone asking me how I was able to hear, see, feel my higher self, guardian angels, and spirit guides without any tools. I think these information should help you:  
  
"Well, in my personal experiences, in the beginning of my journey, I started using pendulum and oracle cards to ask questions that are related to spirituality. I also meditate 30 minutes a day. This is when my whole vision was fully covered in bright white light, then I extended my meditation to an hour a day. I used my pendulum daily to ask questions for understanding and guidance. While doing these, I started learning spirituality topics, then it extended into me learning how to do energy work, witchcraft, energy healing, protection, and so on online and by using my pendulum as a guide to see if I was doing it correctly. One of my strongest ability at the time that I always had (I didn't even know) was clear knowing, so that helped too. As I was meditating, I started to see light moving around, and touches on my body. The touch can be felt like itches in the beginning, but you should not shrug it off, as they are teaching you to use your clear feeling ability, same with seeing the light (clear seeing). Over time, you will notice each spirit has a different feel to them, such as warm, neutral, statically, etc... Soon you will even feel pressure from their touches. You can even feel how they feel, and feel where they are around you. As you pay attention, you will start noticing that these light are not random, they are your guides. Each different light color represent different entity. They are letting you know and teaching you that it is them, and are trying to make you contemplate on why you are seeing these lights. Eventually you will start seeing images and visions. For clear hearing, always pay attention to outside sounds / inner sounds during meditation and during your daily life. Their voice can sound like your inner monologue, but it's not, don't shrug it off. As you keep on meditating and listening, you will start to be able to differentiate between your inner monologue voice, your ego voice, your guides voice, and other spirit voices. I heard that there are people that can hear voices from outside their heads, but they are less common than those that hear from within their heads. Remember, your guides are teaching you or trying to tell you something during meditation, and you should be trying to understand them, not ignore them. They could be teaching you all your clair abilities. If they are not, before meditation, pray to them to teach you. Even not from meditation, try to feel their guidance on your daily life, and use your abilities on your daily life. As you keep on meditating, working/interacting with your guides, understanding your guides' teaching, practice their teachings, practice the abilities you learned online, contemplating for the truth, researching, increasing your vibration, learning spiritual topics, learning how to use your psychic abilities, you will eventually be able to develop all of your Clair abilities and do the things you wanted to do. And the more you practice your abilities, the clearer and stronger they get. Now I don't need to meditate the whole hour as my guides will tell me when to stop.  
  
I hope everything goes well!" I don't find it's needed, but like people that channel that call names of the past ones, depending on who you are calling this works with concentration on who or what you want to connect with, I'll note this can take a some time and days, I do find looking into a candle flame at night and something that smells nice, this is simply a focus technique nothing more even some aftershave lotion in my case splashed on helps. Day works too but I'll close my eyes and listen to meditation music or nature sounds on low.
If your phycic like myself there just lots and lots of spirits around all the time, they don't agree with each other. It's like a room full Of people some are the quiet ones, other domaint and even sush the others, while you may think guides I think it's more you life and they step back for you to make your decision yourself, maybe there is a rule on intervention of living 🤔 Just a prayer... It depends on who your ancestors are. They determine what traditions you should be doing. It's just like any other relationship. It takes time to build trust. If you wouldn't tolerate it from a friend or loved one, don't tolerate it from a spirit. If your gut tells you something is off, it probably is. You'll be able to feel what's right and what isn't. How were you confirming with yourself that only “those of love and light” actually came in?

I had the same problem in the beginning except I knew they could lie and pretend.

I realized that if I called for “my guides” that those would be the ones to show up. It also took me some time to figure out which ones were really my guides. It’s a process really and like others said, it’s about learning to trust yourself. Having compassion for yourself as you learn is also practicing love and light. I set & enforce boundaries, the basics of any spirit communication 

Ensure that “only those who intend unconditional love” are speaking with you. Unconditional love is the key term and idea here

Once you’ve woven that condition into your shields & protection, you are good to go for spirit communication 👍🏻 I went through something similar when starting out. Learning as you go and trusting yourself I found to be what helped the most. When you believe you are doing something 100% it amplifies it. Trust your intuition. You will know how you feel. If something seems off it is Additionally to what others are saying, also keep in mind, even "positive" spirits have a sense of humor, some things are done in a way to point you out things about yourself (insecurities, fears, delusions, arrogances), also things happen in a circus like way to teach us that life is not as serious as we make it, it really isnt. of course, if you feel not nice presence, that is different. set intention very clearly. But, if you have more of a goofy experience, its not necessarily "evil". its possible they may be teaching you to take things lighter, be more childlike. and do not take it as something condescending, take everything as something for your growth. All the things that happen are there for your growth, no matter how weird they may look. After some time, you will be able to see what happened why and how it pushed you to where you are, etc. :) intention and humor Sprits have the same personalities as regular living people. Imagine an annoying younger brother but he’s just in the spirit realm and you are just unable to see him as would when he was alive. Doesn’t make him any less annoying lol. It’s honestly this simply. Idk why people in the comments are giving scientific explanations for why this is.

I think people mix spirits with angels. They are two different things. Angels are the elevated ones and some of the highest light beings. Spirits/ ancestors can still be of the light but still have a aggressive personality which can come off as “jerkish” to you . [removed] Call upon Archangel Michael to watch over you during divination. He'll keep out the riff raff Are you talking about psychokinesis? Using your will/energy/whatever to directly influence things in the material realm? I think so, but then, my definition of psychic ability is accessing/influencing anything usually deemed paranormal. Yep Psyconesis is real, but it’s more of a level
Up. You won’t just have this ability out of the gate. It’s very rare to have it. You should have received other basic psychic abilities like clairvoyance before even receiving that type of ability. Psychic abilities come at levels and certain orders. Think about unlocking a new character on a game in a sense. You can’t just unlock Thor out of the blue. With power comes responsibility. I can elaborate more just private message me, and we can see what it really is. What does blue symbolize to you? Perhaps clarity, truth, or intelligence? It is associated with the throat chakra, the chakra of truth, purity, and clarity of thought. Breaking of illusions and lies. The third eye is associated with indigo, and seeing above duality, seeing the truth of the multidimensional nature of things, beyond limiting perceptions and beliefs

Perhaps also blue symbolizes a level of vibration. Perhaps blue was how the vibration of your higher self appeared to you. Or the vibration you were in during that trance. 

But symbolism is subjective, not objective. So I believe what matters more is what it means to you personally Blue is a great color - it s the power of Tantra in matter. - symbolises mastery in the physical. Usually associated with the Tantrics and also Krishna/Shiva in the physical. Every time I meditate, I see a deep royal blue. It’s actually the reason for my screen them here on Reddit. It might just be a sign that you were deep in meditation. Perhaps thats a sign of overusing your throat chakra..
An Indication that it is very much active that you start seeing blue, thus maybe you should speak moderately?perhaps?

My pov✅ My 2 cents; enjoy what youre seeing, take it in!
I more or less have stopped searching for the meanings behind my many experiences with meditation. 
The only results I've ever found are that everyones meditation experiences are as unique as the person meditating.

I'd love to know exactly what each of the colors I see mean or represent. (I now refer to them as my angels) 
Or the pin pricks of bright white light that come and go.

I've accepted my experiences as normal for me. More importantly is the positive changes in my perception/perspective. I wish I'd started meditation much earlier in my life wow that's incredible! i see similarly to you although opening my third eye was an accident lol. i have not ever seen dragons, but i have seen a dinosaur once (it was a brachiosaurus) which sounds so stupid ik, but we can't really control the things we see! it's hard to research these things since not many people have experiences like these though... i have been wondering though if we are even capable of actually perceiving the entities in front of us or if our brain has to warp their appearance into an image we can comprehend.. so many unanswered questions!!!! Whenever anyone mentions dragons in woo woo circles I immediately perk up and listen.  I have that feeling of being energetically drawn to all things dragons for some reason.  I've had several dreams about dragons!  (I was born in the year of the fire dragon!) I had to sneak past a black water dragon in one, I was being chased by a white dragon in another, I was sneaking up on a huge, red, sleeping dragon who was chained down and I needed to unchain it and set it free before it woke up.  And then, my favorite, I was in this very symbolic dream where a black dragon challenged me.  He said he'd destroy the land unless I rose up to challenge him.  It was at that moment a red dragon flew in and told me to light the sword sitting next to the flame of a blacksmith and to hop on it's back.  So I ran and lit the sword, hopped on this enormous red dragons back and he flew up to meet the black dragon.  The black dragon didn't put up a fight but rather surrendered and flew off.  Me and this red dragon circled the land and as I was looking down I saw how parched it was and all the people living on it.  I pointed the flaming sword to the ground and as soon as I did, a bubbling spring of water started to form!  I know it all sounds super cliche but I will never forget this dream.  That was 5 years ago now but it feels like yesterday.  I totally believe dragons are real though, even if it's in some other energetic realm and we're just picking up on their energy. Next time, say hello to one of them and ask it what it does.  They are, after all, just spirits like you.  They play in the form of a dragon.  

Have fun! I had one for a spirit guide for a few years and it was great fun. Dragons are high vibrational astral beings and if your seeing them you should communicate with them. So....all you did was mediate and now you have this? That is amazing. I believe dragons are real. Couple of things about dragons. They are super protective of their names. Don’t bother asking unless you have a strong connection. They can be fantastic protectors if you find one is in your team. Very high vibe. I personally get upset when I see old stories of dragon slayers. The dragons were the good guys. These are astral entities they do exist but only few developed persons might get to have a glimpse of such visions ,Treasure it & keep up the work Ya i've seen some things too but i go by a rule to take what i see very carefully so i don't get roped in and gaslighted. How did you open your third eye? I don't know how to start. Welcome to our world!

Many years ago I had a baby dragon flying around my bedroom. I couldn't see him clearly, but I knew momma dragon was nearby. He landed on my bedside table and made a cute noise. 

Dragons are real. Too cool!  Oddly enough, I recently heard a chat with the author Paul Wallis, who writes about re-seeing what's 'actually' (according to him) in the bible... one of them is he's realized some of the descriptions sound an awful lot like dragons :-0!    I'd be very curious to read what those dragons you see are 'doing'...? are they just hanging out like, I don't know, birds or squirrels or another wild animal might be noticed just living their life? or are they 'doing something' that seems to take into consideration our world when you see them? Dragons are real and everything you’re experiencing is true Do you see the imposed on this realm or just in your mind? Did you follow a guided meditation, or just start meditating regularly? that is amazing. I am drawn to dragons too but I never "believe" what my inner eye "sees". I endured all the brutality in game of thrones only to see them dragons! lol when they finally came into action I was disappointed.

I know it is challenging but if they show maybe they want some contact. I am having a hard time getting all different worlds physical or non physical in a line. contemporary zeitgeist is so eager to push all non-material things from the surface . :( When I first started getting deep into kundalini meditation I began seeing angels!! But dragons Omg I WISH! Beautifully Fascinating. Can I ask you about how you started meditating and what helped you, what your sessions looked like? I had a NDE in 2019 that lasted 15 minutes. I spoke to a psychic about it that was amazing and asked her why I can’t remember any of it. She said that my guides offered that, but I told them no, that I would reach it through meditation. Clearly my true self has a lot more confidence in me than my earthly self does. My earthly self immediately recognized how foolishly optimistic that was. 🤦‍♀️ 
Anyway, if you don’t feel like going into it then I totally understand. I’m just really curious because I have the attention span of a dog (squirrel!!) and any advice from someone that was recently new to it themselves would be lovely. That's really cool. I'd like to see a dragon one day. I've seen things as long as I can remember. Ask why the dragons when you meditate. They may be trying to deliver a message to you and it could be very important. Oh. My. God. Please stop From my pov ,there is no positive or negative of opening third eye as there is no such thing as that ,its all about your vibrations & energy field that u emits ,if u are serious Spritually inclined & occupying most of your time researching into these field then I recommend you to activate your 3rd eye.. as this is likely the field that will make u successful in the future.. We all have 3rd eyes nothing is negative about it. Tho there’s light and dark. So depending on the type of soul you have opening your 3rd will allow you to see which is which and depending on your soul if it’s of the light it will
Make you more vulnerable. I find it to be a really positive thing, and had good experiences. I'm going to copy what I said in another post. It's someone asking me how I was able to hear, see, feel my higher self, guardian angels, and spirit guides without any tools. These are my experience, including opening my third eye and seeing them:

"Well, in my personal experiences, in the beginning of my journey, I started using pendulum and oracle cards to ask questions that are related to spirituality. I also meditate 30 minutes a day. This is when my whole vision was fully covered in bright white light, then I extended my meditation to an hour a day. I used my pendulum daily to ask questions for understanding and guidance. While doing these, I started learning spirituality topics, then it extended into me learning how to do energy work, witchcraft, energy healing, protection, and so on online and by using my pendulum as a guide to see if I was doing it correctly. One of my strongest ability at the time that I always had (I didn't even know) was clear knowing, so that helped too. As I was meditating, I started to see light moving around, and touches on my body. The touch can be felt like itches in the beginning, but you should not shrug it off, as they are teaching you to use your clear feeling ability, same with seeing the light (clear seeing). Over time, you will notice each spirit has a different feel to them, such as warm, neutral, statically, etc... Soon you will even feel pressure from their touches. You can even feel how they feel, and feel where they are around you. As you pay attention, you will start noticing that these light are not random, they are your guides. Each different light color represent different entity. They are letting you know and teaching you that it is them, and are trying to make you contemplate on why you are seeing these lights. Eventually you will start seeing images and visions. For clear hearing, always pay attention to outside sounds / inner sounds during meditation and during your daily life. Their voice can sound like your inner monologue, but it's not, don't shrug it off. As you keep on meditating and listening, you will start to be able to differentiate between your inner monologue voice, your ego voice, your guides voice, and other spirit voices. I heard that there are people that can hear voices from outside their heads, but they are less common than those that hear from within their heads. Remember, your guides are teaching you or trying to tell you something during meditation, and you should be trying to understand them, not ignore them. They could be teaching you all your clair abilities. If they are not, before meditation, pray to them to teach you. Even not from meditation, try to feel their guidance on your daily life, and use your abilities on your daily life. As you keep on meditating, working/interacting with your guides, understanding your guides' teaching, practice their teachings, practice the abilities you learned online, contemplating for the truth, researching, increasing your vibration, learning spiritual topics, learning how to use your psychic abilities, you will eventually be able to develop all of your Clair abilities and do the things you wanted to do. And the more you practice your abilities, the clearer and stronger they get. Now I don't need to meditate the whole hour as my guides will tell me when to stop.

I hope everything goes well!" You are a physical human being with a soul inhabiting you and feeding information into your mind.  This is an imperfect process since the average mind can't handle the throughput.  As such, a lot of this information is lost in translation, especially as you age out of childhood and your filter grows more robust.  Opening your third eye is like breaking this filter somewhat.  It hurts, it feels like a dam bursting and then after feels like intense energy flowing through and then you begin perceiving more.  It's mainly a physical mind losing it's ability to filter out your spirit mind.  As such, it changes you and makes you more susceptible to your own spirit as well as others with your conscious mind. 

It's like the Matrix.  If you live purely in the physical realm, you can be happy and live a life.  If you open your third eye, you will be aware of the true reality that many will never understand nor want to. From my perspective at the moment now, it was a positive thing to do. It helped me learn how to more readily sense energy, I was able to see auras a lot better, and that got me started on the path to really studying this... so, my "today" self would be glad for the experience.

My "when it was happening" self was not really happy with that. Not only did it cause headaches while I was around angry/sad people (I worked in a call-center at the time so there were a lot of angry/sad people) the process actually kinda hurt a bit and I was a very beginner with energy-working and didn't fully know how to protect myself appropriately. I’ll tell you what people dont. Good luck and get ready to see things you dont want to. Sometimes it can be a blessing. And other times? You would’ve wished you werent privy to the information Ensure all lower chakras are balanced first. Or at least that you are working toward balancing them. Otherwise could be an unstable or dangerous experience. Yes,he is probably acting as your guardian angel after he passway,perhaps even in your palm there could be indication of that..when life line has sister line /parallel line..

You have reach a point where u are aligned & ready to communicate with spritual world slowly thats why he approach you at the right time..

Your mother & your brother are probably older then you thus they are able to handle these kind of dreams etc..

Some people are not comfortable with such experiences as hearing dead one whispering etc due to the fact that their soul is young..

We have various type of souls which difers from Maturity of our physical self..

We have old souls & young souls..

Old souls are the ones who have ages of wisdom & much inclined to ancient stuff but stuck in a younger body..

Awhile young souls are like a baby trying to reach the level of old soul however they are physically mature..

This is the paradox of souls..

My pov ✅ [removed] [removed] not much, frequency has to be heard within out - not from outside in. and everyone has to find their own high frequency that is the best for them, and this is done by tuning the physical consciousness with inner/higher consciousness Listen with headphones, especially with hearing loss! I listen pretty loudly and like to "feel" the vibrations in my ear drums. I make sure I'm not going to be interrupted by my environment as well because I hate being startled out of meditation.  

Maybe start with a meditation episode that is guided meditation with tones accompanying. I personally like guided meditations that are body awareness, so focusing from head to toe and moving up or down throughout the body, while listening to tones. 

I personally had one of my more wild experiences while listening to tones. And now that I think about it in relation to responding to your post, it was one of the last times I did a deep meditation with tones because I'm still processing it a bit i suppose. That was around Feb/March.  

Tones, to me, really became a way for ME to open my third eyes door. I'm not sure if there is anything scientific about it (such as tones opening a door into me, idk if that makes sense), but tones began to act as a cue and a communication tool for me to, "talk" to myself, or give my inner self the cue, that my outer, conscious self was "ready to receive" and that I was intentionally looking to bind my inner self and outer self together for a period of time. 

So yeah tones and the sounds are uniquely different than what I hear most of the day, so when I specifically use them to accompany my meditation, it feels like it's me being able to cue my inner self. And like I said anove, my experiences with tones, left me more fully certain than ever, that I'm fully uncertain on how the universe works. You don't want 440hz, the whole point of 432hz is that it's detuning from 440hz becasue 432hz is in harmony with nature whilst 440hz is in disharmony.

Everything is already at 440hz, it's the standard, so every time you listen to normal music it will be at 440hz. Most fluoride is absorbed through the skin when we shower. They sell these shower filters on Amazon. Iodine supplements are supposed to help with decalcifying. Charcoal and mint are good for cleaning teeth. I don’t worry about fluoride too much. Everything in moderation. I wouldn’t prioritize my abilities before my teeth. My teeth are alot more practical. I wouldn’t worry about that. I had numerous fluoride treatments as a kid, use fluoride toothpaste, drink fluoridated water, and I am still psychic. I really like the fluoride free toothpaste from Native! Interestingly enough too, it seems to actually clean my teeth better than toothpastes containing fluoride. Millions of excellent psychics live in places where fluoride is routinely added to the water & use fluoride toothpaste twice a day. There are lots of natural toothpaste brands! You can find them at Walmart or TJ Maxx. Regular toothpaste is poison. That’s why there’s a warning on the label to not swallow it. Also, everytime I lower my sugar and carb intake, I have way less plaque on my teeth. I have been using a fluoride free toothpaste I order from Japan for the past 3 or so years. I get glowing compliments from my dentist until I tell her I use nanohydroxyapatite instead of fluoride and then she tries to tell me how bad it is not to use fluoride. We go through this every check up. 

Amazon has quite a few choices, so you don't have to ship from Japan. I tried a few charcoal pastes and they destroyed my toothbrushes. My gum sensitivity came back, too. Make sure the water you are drinking is free of fluoride as well. Many bottled water companies don't remove it and a brita filter doesn't remove it either. Reverse osmosis removes everything. I went through a stage when all fluoride toothpastes made me feel sick so I switched to fluoride-free toothpastes 5 or 6 years ago. Maybe a little bit more expensive but I would not go back to fluoride toothpastes. Some have charcoal some have bicarbonate soda some have neither. Oil pulling with coconut oil, helps to add some peppermint oil. Search online for "oil pulling". It's the best natural method to protect your teeth and even reverse the effects of cavity, tooth decay, etc.

I had bad cavity in a couple of teeth, with swelling in gums and toothache. The dentist had recommended root canal. Was able to heal myself with oil pulling for about 10 days. Now I have completely switched from toothpaste to oil pulling as an everyday routine. [removed] Remember where the doctors and dentists got their knowledge Water fasting. I could go on and on. But water fasting. Do that if you’d like. Maybe check this website out about Earth Angel?  
https://www.ask-angels.com/spiritual-guidance/earth-angels/ Earth angels are unborn babies (miscarriage, abortion). Someone, maybe your mother, lost a baby (maybe unknowingly if it is in early stage of pregnancy). And this little soul has been somehow around and looking after you. And you have the memory of it in your unconscious. Even the strongest spiritual body needs a healthy physical body to host it. Considering the fact that our bodies remember the traumas we go through, ide recommend finding counselors or therapists who you can work with the process and release the physical, subconscious blockages that have been affecting you. A part of balancing kundalini is clearing out our stories, so we can part with them. Im seeing a therapist to do just that, and its greatly impacting my spiritual clarity. I have gone through CPTSD and found that the only way to heal was first meditating outside, to allow my brain to relax, then once I felt confident with my mind, I would then face those feelings and thoughts that were triggering or related to my trauma.   


I also cut out all drugs and alcohol and even caffeine because the stimulation from caffeine was making it harder to relax.   


After I sat with the feelings and thoughts, I managed to drain them of their power over me, by getting into a relaxed state I could let the triggering thoughts and emotions come in without them overwhelming me. Through this I was able to make peace with what happened to me and find myself again, I think the biggest part was being relaxed and grounded.   


Maybe this could work for you. Good luck and feel free to DM me if you have questions or just want to chat about it. I would continue meditation daily 20 minutes to 1 hour at a time.   Time is going to be the healer, but throwing yourself into a positive spiritual practice can a good thing. Any tips for healing? You clearly have a great pain that you struggle with. You probably compartmentalize it so your life is easier to deal with. This isn't specifically bad for you, spiritually or physically, but it's reflective of poor emotional health. It might be stressful for you, spiritually, physically, emotionally, and mentally, when these things come up. Perhaps it would be important to purposefully steel yourself, if you still have the will to live. Try to improve your willpower and learn to come face to face with the hard truths of the world. You don't have to accept them, just learn to be able to look the monster in the eye without flinching. You should definitely practice some yoga or bone breathing, or at the very least, make sure you take time out to relax, rest, and relieve stress. Even if you aren't specifically stressed, taking time to relax, physically/mentally particularly, will help you unload emotional and spiritual baggage slowly. Perhaps you can let the rest of your emotional recovery happen naturally, and try not to resist coming to terms with such a traumatic past. You can't always force yourself to deal with these things, sometimes you just have to crawl until you can walk until you can run. You shouldn't neglect your inner life, because just experiencing happiness occasionally is a necessary part of emotional recovery. If you want to focus on the spiritual aspects, you should cleanse and protect, but your soul, body, mind, and heart are somewhat intertwined. You will never be able to fully recover by only approaching the problem from just one angle. You can smudge, use cleansing foods or drinks, fast or pursue more esoteric cleansings, but I don't think you should underestimate the effectiveness of a salt barrier for protection. There are herbs that are good for warding as well I believe. There are other things that work as well, but most of these are once again more esoteric or dogmatic, like dreamcatchers, medicine wheels, or circles of life.

Also, tobacco has been traditionally used as emotional medicine, but i wouldn't suggest it. Most cigarettes are watered down and extra addictive. I recommend yin yoga for gradually releasing trauma stored in the body. Take it at your own pace, use mirrors and also don’t use mirrors; listen to music while you do it, go into a trance, long holds will release things from deep tissues… catharsis. I want to take a moment to recognize the fact that you are here talking about something that is truly in the form of darkness. For you to even do that alone is a sign that you are on the path to heal. Your spiritual healing has begun. I really admire your courage to talk about your experience. I am truly sorry that had happened to you and everyone else commenting the same experience. The dark tries to dim us but that does not mean we still are not shining. Im so sorry you went through such evil This level of trauma is something you really need a trained counsellor for. Spiritual work can help, but should complement not completely replace other therapies. Regardless of the reasons, rape is rape and a specially trained therapist has the knowledge and experience that most spiritual workers just don’t have. As we see time and again here, just because someone has an ability, doesn’t mean they can use it well or wisely, and the wrong ‘help’ can do more harm than good, no matter how well meaning the practitioner.  

Please reach out to specifically trained counsellors either online or local to you. Your doctor will have a list of local centres that can help you, and it’s always confidential too. So there’s thing called tapping (it helped me through childhood trauma) I think it would be a great exercise you can do at home to help you move past the trauma. You need to heal from that and then you can work on chakras. When you go to start chakra healing start with your root. You need to ground yourself and then move to your heart (the one probably most affected by your trauma). Feel free to move around after that where you feel is necessary. A good and close friend to talk with and vent too. This has done wonders for me, especially with my adhd and emotional disregulation.

Try some jar spell work targeting yourself.  These can take a minute to work and some a year or two but they do work if done correctly. This is what I'm currently attempting.

I'm also cutting back from social media and trying to readjust to less stimulation. During this period I'm also seeking Solitude but thay isisnt required for everyone. I just like the peace and quiet from time to time at lengths.

Read On Pain by Khalil Gibran, this is my go too almost all the time when I'm depressed. Either him or Emil Cioran. Talk about a 180° there. Lol

These ideas may not work for you but everyone's road to recovery is different. I wish you the best! Remember to hug yourself and to take time for self care! Stare at yourself and go over positive affirmations. Manifestation Journaling, long walks, reading, educational podcasts (if I'm not working then I'm trying to learn something new or meditation.

Give yourself positive stimulation thru things you enjoy and challenge yourself to enjoy things you don't or at least learn to tolerate. Helps promote open mindedness. Any chance you are from the West Coast of the US? Your experience is almost identical to mine, which was/is part of a larger horrible organization. Feel free to message me if you would rather. So sorry for all you went through. As hard as it may sometimes seem, it is possible to heal. For me, it was about coming back into my body. Allowing my consciousness to return to my body. The biggest things that helped achieve that: swimming in natural water (rivers/ocean) and recalling memories that caused me to have an out of body experience (very scary) - helped me recall the physical sensation of consciousness leaving my body, which I then tried to reverse to bring myself back into my body. Hard to describe, but very helpful if you are able to recall. Don't want to stir controversy but this sounds a bit like sra, or satanic ritual abuse. Sometimes certain families or communities ritually abuse small children as a type of sacrifice so they can get gifts or favors from their gods. And sometimes people only do it because they are sick fcks. It's an old, sick practice that I wish was outdated but people will not stop doing Grieving is probably the best way to heal from this. People have studied it and found that there are 5 stages of the process. It can take a long time. 

If you have evidence of torture or rape, then you can prosecute those responsible, depending on the laws of your state/country. good luck. I’m so sorry for what you went through. I have similar experience from an abusive partner. Narcs love Empaths and to torture them. Unfortunately, or fortunately depending on who you ask, abilities can be weaponized. My bestie was a child when something very, very evil was perpetrated on her. She didn’t know she had any capability to do anything magic until years later but during trauma sometimes shit happens. She has an accidental success rate in the 90% as of right now. I’m sure you can guess what I mean. But if you live in a criminal organization and do crimes eventually crimes are either done to you or you are caught. Yes, Dark humor is my coping mechanism. 

As for helping heal? Forgive yourself for whatever imagined slights you hold against yourself. Find someone to help you do a soul retrieval if needed. Sometimes in those moments your soul can fracture, you kinda need them. I like meditation and Reiki but you need the Reiki Master to be with someone you can actually trust or it’s pretty much a wash. Don’t underestimate therapy, support groups and medication to help you be ready to move forward and relate to others. We have issues relating sometimes after such things bc we close off ourselves. Self Love and Healing workings, cord cutting ties with things that no longer benefit you and banishing toxic traits are all also helpful. 

You deserve some peace. I hope you find it. I am sorry to hear this. I have been through many such attacks myself for being as powerful and knowledgeable as I am, and for being who I am, considering past life activity. They wanted nothing more than for me to give up and kill myself so that I would stop helping people in this life, but I persevered. Much love to you, and much kindness to yourself in this healing process. My only answer is to bury myself in the spiritual center, to take refuge in the untouchable divine. It seems to help and to heal. <3 Reiki is a good start. I'm a clairvoyant and often times those with childhood trauma have their soul broken into pieces. Part of them remains in the time that the trauma occurred, so is not connected to the rest of you.

There's an excellent book. Sour Retrieval, by Sandra Ingerman.

Take care and be patient with your healing. A spirit like you can overheal in a hurry, and this causes problems with your body. You get out of sync. 

I like to use the symbols of two clock faces. One represents where the body is at. The other represents where the spirit is at. If the two are in the same quadrant, things generally flow along smoothly. If the spirit is well ahead of the body, it's really time to just do physical stuff that enables the body to catch up.

Once your soul is whole again, things will begin falling into place in a more graceful manner. DM me if you want to talk about it more. How do you meditate with crystals ? I had a psychic  take advantage of me and it fucked me up very mentally honestly [removed] I tend to have dreams of certain locations situations that happen , and then they happen in reality but always a slight difference from dream of course not all dreams ! But the ones I remember are the ones that eventually happen. So odd . Time is created by the lower five senses, so what do you think happens during sleep paralysis? Many chinese people adopt esoteric wisdom of Fengshui which is basically choosing a good location & designing your house in certain way to attract flow of luck & prosperity base on that..


Yes it definitely impact psychic abilities,different place have different frequency & vibes.. Earth has its own chakras like humans.. For a sensitive person who have psychic abilities it effect much on astral & physical body..

You might even get attached to negative entity in some cases.. Thus maybe if u know u are going to certain places you should do some kind of  protection rituals or wear something to ward of these kind of entities/vibes atleast to neutralise it..



Hope that helps ✅ Great Britain holds the earth’s heart chakra yeah i believe in ley lines, and i have been in some places where the energy is so strong its impossible not to connect. try going to a place of nature or maybe some mountains, or beach. Yes living in a major population center can make it much more difficult at least for me as a telepath. So many people and influences. No you aren't losing your mind. It is all classic run of the mill natural psychic medium stuff. You can look up your cartography chart on astro .com. The different lines correspond with different aspects of your life that will be expressed. I'm gonna guess that that area is close to your Neptune or moon line. You will need your exact time of birth and place. Yes, it absolutely does. Ancestral connection can impact it (as you mentioned in your post) but also the history of the place itself. It's not surprising you experienced a lot of spirit activity at the Tower of London and in the graveyard--lots of horrific deaths associated with the first, and, well, graveyard = dead bodies. You probably do have mediumistic abilities at home as well, but they might not be as active since you probably aren't visiting cemetaries and former execution/torture sites on a daily basis My experience; we bought a place in the mountains of S. Oregon 1998, leaving the city in central California.

A couple years later very suddenly I have all these psychic abilities. 

In 2017 we had to leave our home in the beautiful woods to move to the city, to be close to hospital/doctors.

I'm finding it very difficult to connect to Spirit the way I used to, especially if I'm indoors. I'd give anything to live in the Woods again... maybe one day. Yes you need your natal chart to have sun or Neptune in 11th/12th house by relocation Well, there is this lady that has been doing witchcraft on my family  for over 30 years. She wanted my dad's mum's money. She is now married to her latest husband and she is dead. She claims to have killed my Mums dad and her as well (they died within months apart) I have been trying to figure out what kind of witchcraft she has been doing to neutralize it. She was caught with candles and human feces in every corner of a room. It's a scam for $$$ Placed by someone overseas 😂😂😂
Block them That doesn't sound right to me, because if they used the word curse in 2022 people would see it as a scam. Since everything is changing they are using charkas as if they are spells from overseas. You can go online and learn how to unblock them yourself and how we get them. It's not from a ritual from others of any kind. Before you spend money on this please Google root chakra. literally every human has blockages & cords & karmic attachments, unless you have done a TON of spiritual work to heal the things, many psychics will take advantage & prey upon others vulnerabilities, we are all dealing with generational curses & karma. be v careful what psychic u deal with, NEVER work with someone who reaches out to u first, esp online, it is ALWAYS a scam. protect yourself! Sounds like a scam to me, especially since they want you coming back for more.

If I had a block at my root chakra I would know it. I would go for Reiki. A good Reiki practitioner should be able to clear the blockage. This is a typical form of scamming people - stay far away and no need to fear, she’s bullshitting you entirely. Honestly, I had someone scam me like this, the reading resonated so I thought I could trust the next steps. And I did trust her, the following day she called me as promised, I paid her. Then she ghosted me for a week. I sent a request via cash app for a refund and immediately she messages me saying that she apologizes, but she’s been in a very important meeting (for a week?!?!) ummm ok…. But I gave her the benefit of the doubt, she promised to call me the next day to tell me what I needed to do and what she would be doing for what I had paid her. And as you may guess… weeks later, I’ve never heard from her again. I’m sorry this is happening to you! And honestly I was in such a desperate dark place that I didn’t even think about the money, I just needed help. And fast! Long story short, I never got my money back, someone here on Reddit charged me a couple bucks to do some work for me (much better than the $350 I paid this lady) and I started feeling better almost immediately. It’s such a shame these scams exist! I’m so thankful for this group that helps us know what to watch out for All blockages and really any spiritual healing, can be done on your own.
Anyone that says otherwise is a con artist. 

Highly recommend the scammer episode on the Know Your Aura podcast. She explains many layers of the unfortunate scam tactics and lingo that many of these people use..

You’re not hexed or cursed. If you have blocks; it’s personal work. Period. Reiki and things can help sure but bottom line is it’s all within you to heal yourself. sounds like a scam Run fast & far.. it's a con. YOU can totally clear/heal your chakras yourself 💜🤍🙏 No, it sounds like you are being scammed. Look up on YouTube for yoga root chakra and you’ll find different yoga classes on clearing the root chakra. You can do it at home and for free. Also, that overseas curse sounds really dumb, I’m sorry but do not fall for it. I would not go tomorrow. I think it’s a scam. 

Anyone telling you that you have a blockage/obstruction/curse/hex or anything that’s blocking you/your wealth/your luck/your twin flame and they need to remove anything like that is trying to scare you into parting with your money. It’s the scam of the moment and there’s even another post just today asking something very similar. It’s the snake oil of the moment. 

The only block you need to worry about is blocking this scam artist. Run away!

This is the classic…oh you hav ebeen cursed, are blocked, and for some $$$$ I will work on you and set you free….scam.

Run away. Almost every person here told you it is a scam.

What does that tell you?

We have no reason to lie to you about this, but….she does.

She will tell you how we are all in cahoots to deter you.

Don’t even talk to her.  

Ignore her. I’d be highly suspicious as this sounds like a scam. they’re using fear tactic to scam you. I promise. you can balance your own root chakra. rituals, spells, possessions, etc only work when you give them the power of fear. this is a scam. anyone claiming to be able to remove this with money is false. you’ve got to stay the course and do the work. reiki can help, but it’s all the power of you. Chakra blockages are often caused by excessive use of the mind and body. How often have you felt that you simply don’t have enough energy, yet when you look at the clock, it shows that it is only 7 pm? How often has your mind wandered without purpose? Have you felt overwhelmed with stress and found yourself unintentionally taking on more than you could handle?

Chakras blockage is a hindrance in the process of balancing and unblocking our energy system, which eventually leads to a lack of well-being. A chakra blockage can cause a variety of physical and emotional aches and pains, and can affect our ability to think, act, and communicate:

https://www.reddit.com/r/freepsychicreadings4u/comments/vh84oe/chakra_and_psychic_healing/ If you’re worried about chakras being blocked, you should get some reiki done. It could be something as simple you're pissed off at Putin for what he's doing or Biden or any world leader or someone like indian scammers and that could be the block. From my knoladge blocks can be unblock by the person them self but no one can force a block on someone else only manipulated in to blocking them self. My gut instinct, the very first thing that came to me is this is a scam.

She’s AWFULLY specific that this blockage came from “overseas”.  Did it scare you?  Because making you scared is how they get you to agree to more “sessions”

I don’t know, I could use more information, but let’s put it this way:  People live for YEARS with blockages.  This isn’t life threatening.  You can deal with it at your own pace, in your own way.  Visualize the energy in your body moving freely and anchoring you into the ground.  I like to use a white light to visualize with.  There are PLENTY of rituals you can do on the cheap.  Crystals you can buy if you are into that sort of thing.  But really, you could do this without spending a dime.  

I will say, I personally purchased a box with 52 different crystal fragments in jars… it cost something like 17 dollars for a bunch of different crystals.  A small piece of crystal contains the same energy as a large piece of crystal.  And I can craft with them.  Plus the jars are cute and it came with a list of what each one is and what it’s healing properties are, so I can just take that jar and carry it around.  

I’m also a bit of a believer in making shit up as I go along…. or maybe just tuning into my gifts and I know intuitively what to do.

Lastly, dragons are good at healing, but they must be asked for help.  Just call upon the dragon that helps heal root chakra blocks.  Then visualize what they are doing.  

I don’t like the charlatans.  They can influence your beliefs and create problems where there were none.  But now that you have the belief, you will need to deal with it.  You just don’t NEED to pay someone for it, but if you do, don’t let that be this woman.  Get a second opinion, and not in a specific way, more of a “Do you see any energy blockages?” sort of way… don’t feed them the info they need.  Or just even “What do you see?”   You just watch, they won’t see an energy blockage there, but if they do, then you will know that it’s true.  But my money is on this woman made it up. Better go to another psychic to check that and see if they say the same thing without knowing aything. You can take care of any chakra blocks yrself Please read Aghora II: Kundalini book by Robert Svoboda on Amazon. The most practical advice on Kundalini so far The only person that can block your Chakras is you, meditation and a few tricks from research should line you back up, this sounds like a scam I think whatever that psychic wants to charge you to clear that blockage, I could do it twice as fast for half the price. 

Chakra blocks are a legit energetic representation of emotional and psychological issues in people who believe in chakras. The root chakra relates to survival and self preservation. Blockages here relate to past feelings of scarcity and insecurity. While it can manifest in many ways, I’ve noticed that issues here manifest in being clingy, hoarding behaviors, or obesity. So unless you have issues along this line, the psychic is problematic full of it. Have your money ready! Scam Alert! Never thought I was going to say this, but performing anal by yourself could help wonders. It's *only* likely a scam, if they ask for money or try and video call you with zoom or whatever. 

Be careful a asking for input here. There are a lot of new members who don't know what they are doing, let alone what they are talking about. 

You can heal your cahakras on your own and it is safer that way. Practitioners that work with energy involve themselves with your personal field, so it's better to be safe than sorry and only receive treatment from someone you trust, if you're still considering someone else to work on your blockages, (rather than yourself). 

A better place to ask would be r/spirituality 
They'll be able to offer more *reliable* and *constructive* input for you. Make sure the ‘biggest he’s ever seen’ isn’t a word play to get u to come back often Personally, I do not place any value in these psychic folks. Why should we trust them? The only clear path for good health is through right living, well known time tested health practices, cultivating virtue and service to others.

What is the evidence that their statements are of value?  Be wise, use critical thinking and spend your money on taking care of your body, emotions and mind through time tested approaches used by masters, yogis and teachers throughout time. Believe it and have them remove the root chakra obstruction. It isn’t a scam. These stuff is usually very serious. We all have blocks on our chakras but there’s lots of things we can do to open them. 

The part about it being placed there by someone over seas and it being “the biggest they’ve ever seen” sounds like a massive scam for more money it's 2022 and people still believe in pseudoscientific bs like chakras...lmfao humanity is doomed Everyone is immediately claiming scam without knowing any details over the interaction. Things like what you paid for the sessions are definitely relevant. If you paid by the minute and now they need to do X spell in order to remove X curse/blockage for an extra couple hundred bucks it's definitely a scam. Legit healers and energy workers will normally charge flat rates per session and whatever that comes up during the session will be covered. You will also find them. Getting a reiki practitioner will cost you a fixed hourly/session rate and they will remove whatever they are capable of removing. It will cost you anywhere from $50-200 depending on years of practice, demand, skillsets and you can even get sessions for free. Blockage removals are standard practice and you can remove them yourself for free with meditation, yoga, shadow work, martial arts and a variety of other practices. That sounds interesting?? If it’s an entity attachment why don’t they remove the entity as well and the reason that allowed it to attach. I doubt some random person would single you out. Also it would only work if you believed it was true. That you were blocked If you feel as though you may have been cursed, hexed, or karmic related issues in your past lives or in this one, then really only you can break it. Look up ways to cut any ties or holds one or some may have on you, BELIEVE in yourself, understand you are the one holding the power, and release. You’ll know by the next day if something is going on. You’ll feel the freeness emotionally and physically There is a scam, and everyone has blockages, but YOU can clear or heal your chakras yourself. Scam OD is overdose?

Well, if you have someone who is addicted to drugs in your family, is clear that you know what could happen to them... I've found that living in the moment is far better than finding out about bad things in the future. I don't think it's better to know painful things beforehand unless you can stop them from happening. Can you focus in on just mundane things that wouldn't matter if they went well or not? Or more lighthearted things? I see paths and possibilities, I learned it's important to live in the moment, while iv come to believe maybe these paths are taken by other me's I have learnt to go with the flow. Seeing a passing of a loved one is never easy but it give the opportunity for something other don't get, time to be spent positively. Many have arguments nor issues there to stubborn to resolve and when one passes there a feelings of I should of.
I would personal not push your gift if that's all you see, but maybe the reason for it is something important to your life as odd as that seems,and while that might not make sense now maybe one day it will.
I feel my gifts something I gave myself on this incarnation, something to make me understand not to follow others and have a better understanding of existences. The important thing to do when you are forewarned is to develop the discipline to not let the bad visions and sense of helplessness weigh you down.  Instead reflect on why you are being shown these things before they happen.  Do not be hard on yourself when the timeline shifts.  Future events are changed many times and when they happen is shifted around by innumerable variables.  Being a few days off is still highly accurate and nothing to beat yourself up for.  Precognition is not an exact science. Therapy Why are you needing to shield from them specifically?

Light bubbles are the lowest form of psychic and magickal protection. Performing the Cross of Power and Protection daily (or several times a day if needed) would work better. (I have instructions for this simple but powerful technique on my website of you are interested.)

There are other more active methods like protection spells and so on, but without knowing why you are worried it’s difficult to advise. "Psychic Self Defense" by Dion Fortune is a must read/listen. Its in public domain so you can find free versions all over the place. She discusses wards in great detail. My guardian angels and spirit guides said to do both of the following (yes, I can hear/talk to them):

The easiest 24/7 protection method to pray once only for their lifetime: Pray to your guardian angels and spirit guides once by saying, "My real guardian angels and my real spirit guides please protect me all the time, until I die and my spirit is finally back home and is safe."

This one, you have to pray once every few months: "Archangel Michael, please remove all negative energies and any entities that are not of the middle path of light within me, around me, in my home, and around my home. Also, please put a fire barrier around me and around my home."

:) I have protective tattoos on many places on my body. First I got a bindrune with the runes for each element. Next I had the Foo Dogs and Kuan Yin tattooed on my back. My left bicep has the eyes of the Durga, and my right bicep has a hamsa. My tattoos keep away just about everything annoying. 😊

For non permanent options, you can take a hoodoo protection bath. I I'm happy to do my copy pasta if you do not know how to do a spiritual bath/wash. 

You can carry a protective mojo hand. They work great.

Also, I recommend a stellar sorcery talisman, or several. Sirius, Alkaid, Procyon, Debeb Algedi, Vega and Algol are all protectors. 

I particularly like my Oroboros Phylactery from Practical Occult. Alison, the mage who runs it, also makes quality Solomonic pentacles which are super helpful. I love my 5th of Mars when I purify and bless buildings. 

Blessings and good luck. I'm happy to answer any and all questions and will help further if possible. There are many ways to create a protection shield around you it differs from various readers..Such as talisman,Sak Yant,Rings ,mantra etc..

For me personally if I were in your place.. 

I would do mantra such as Maha Mrityunjaya Mantra chanting 108times with the same beads every single day  or listening 
And you might want to have a target like consistency of 30days /60days etc.. 
This really helps alot.. I ask for the protection of spiritual entities. They seem to only help when you ask them for it. The spiritual guides I have, I call the psychologists, and the psychic police. But you can try and call anyone you would trust. Your higher self, Jesus, angels, etc. What sorts of symptoms are you experiencing? And do they abate at all or slightly with the application of a psychic shield? Wear Lapis, Labradorite, Tiger's eye, and Black Tourmaline for protection.

Also shaker off daily. A metal soup can with sand works perfdctly.


Peace! Close your eyes and ask for a symbol, ward, sijal to flow to you. I use intense sticks to "draw, picture" them on the walls of the rental I'm living in. A little still gets in but I'm no longer getting bombarded by my neighbors stuff. Bro this is not a video game, it's real life. Magical shields do not exist you fool. Everything that needs to change in your life will come crashing down.

Bad habits, health things you've ignored or put off your relationships and career will be tested. 

It's not always a good thing because unless you are ready to make the necessary changes - you either make them or face the consequences. 

Because you won't see the world the same way as you did before and your values and beliefs will be permanently changed. 

And you will see the world isn't aligned with those values. Not aligned with peace. Not aligned with what's right for the environment. Even the knowledge that modern make up, clothing, computers and phones are touched by slave and child labor. 

It's about how deeply you are aware of yourself and how you relate to this world. 

If you always have natural 6th sense it will be heightened but that's not what changes. It's you. Thank you for that explanation. I have always wondered about this myself From my experience your soul is like an AI feeding your mind directives and information, then your mind interprets them and then your body acts them out.  Your mind is grounded in physical reality so it's not perfect in it's interpretations but it's set up in a certain way so it's capable of receiving this info.  Opening your third eye basically opens your mind up to receiving this info more clearly.   It fundamentally changes who you are but it does it in a way where you are actually yourself more than you were before.  You will be acting in accordance with your spirit.
The best part is you can use your spirit directly for pretty much anything given it has pure undiluted knowledge not being bound by physical limitations. You'll start transforming as a person.  

One important distinction I discovered that is never mentioned is that you as a human aren't really your soul.  You are a human mind interpreting a souls input that is controlling your body and mind.  Information flows both ways and your physical mind is intimately connected with your spirit.  It's like a symbiotic relationship.  In this way, opening your third eye basically breaks your body minds resistance to the soul mind and helps your soul use you body machinery to achieve it's objectives in this world.  As such, if you are ready to have your body become a slave to your spirit(which is really the best thing ever) you definitely should open it. You could end up dealing with sudden psychic influences without knowing their source. You might also suffer from headaches for a while as you learn how to protect yourself from psychic input. some practices say not to pursue the 3rd eye and just let it open naturally while you are practising. Relax your vision.  Look slightly beyond the tops of tree lines into the sky beyond.  Let your peripheral vision focus in just a bit to the top of the treeline.  For me it comes up as differing shades of light green.  This works for everything.  People, and even inanimate objects.  

One of the most interesting is planes.  Don't focus on it, but slightly past and behind.  It looks pretty wild.  For me it is mostly like a dark blob of energy running along slightly behind the plane.  With a darker aura around the planet itself. The trees always speak to me. Like they’ll be perfectly still and then the wind will move them in my favor. I love the way they move. You know they omit a lot of oxygen, so they are life to us and should be easy to see. Are you on the computer or looking on your phone screen or even having the lights on? If so, maybe you can start there to look at your screen less often. As the other person said. that it is good to relax your vision. And stay with natural light from the sun. I did here there is a thing called sun gazing so, I'm not sure if that would help or hurt that ability. The best time to sun gaze is in early morning or when the sun goes down.  


It is also good to eat healthy as well with vitamins or minerals that would be good for your 3rd eye. And avoid fluoride in toothpaste. But I'm personally don't know what I'm saying myself so, hopefully this is still good information. Based on my research in the past.   


I personally would like to see auras myself, but I don't think my eyes have the ability to currently. But looking to learn and to improve. I'm also on the computer all the time, so I do see a lot of improvement to be made for myself. Either way, Hope this helps. 😎

Update: I forgot to mention that it is good to drink water as well. Not any water but make sure it is good for your health and possibly alkaline. Try looking at night! I see the auras quite well at night, against the dark sky. It's a faint, transparent luminosity like you described. As others suggested, relax your vision, don't look directly for it. Practicing seeing is how you get better at seeing. I can touch trees and my whole crown and head start buzzing. I literally for the first time today seen a trees aura!!!! It was amazing!!!! **Taken from "The Archangel Guide to the Natural World" by Diana Cooper.**

(The original text tells of the spiritual qualities of many trees, not enough room in this post for them. If anyone wants a link to a pdf of the book just comment or message me)

*Message from the Trees*

We come from the heart of God with

nothing to learn and much to offer. We

were seeded on Earth for the benefit of

the human, animal, bird and insect

kingdom and to nurture the planet

itself, physically, emotionally and

spiritually. We radiate love and healing

to you.

*Physical nurturing:* Trees offer wood to build shelters, boats and anything else we may need to construct.

They provide shade from the sun and protection from the elements.

They house animals, birds and insects.

They provide food.

*Emotional nurturing:* Every variety of tree carries a quality that it radiates in its auric field to help those that

seek it.

Trees and plants react to the lower thoughts of humans and respond positively to their

loving thoughts.

Trees give healing.

*Spiritual nurturing:* These wise sentient beings keep records of local history.

Forests are keepers of ancient wisdom. They use it to help the energy of the country in

which they grow.

Large forests bring light, containing wisdom and knowledge, down from the stars and

higher beings of the universes to store or to pass into Hollow Earth.

*Visualization to Help the Trees:*

1. Find a place where you can be quiet and undisturbed.
2. Call on Archangel Purlimiek, the angel of nature, and sense his beautiful greenblue energy.
3. Allow any tree to come into your mind’s eye.
4. Bless it and thank it for coming to you.
5. Invoke the Gold Ray of Christ to pour down through the tree and spread through

its roots.

6. Invoke the Lilac Fire of Source to pour down through the tree and spread out

through its roots.

7. Invoke Archangel Michael’s deep blue protective energy to pour down through

the tree and spread out through its roots.

8. Invoke the Angel Mary’s aquamarine light of divine feminine wisdom to pour

down through the tree and spread out through its roots.

9. Invoke Archangel Sandalphon’s silver light of balance and harmony to pour

down through the tree and spread out through its roots.

10. Take a moment to invoke any energies you feel drawn to and see them flowing

down through the tree.

11. Imagine the colours flowing from root to root, connecting the tree network and

energizing the ley lines.

12. Open your eyes knowing you have helped the trees. You could place a journal or your phone near your bed so that as soon as you wake up from your dream ,you could quickly write it down and analyse it later.. 3-4am is the most subtle period of the night..During this period psychic abilities are more elevated in terms of sensitivity thus  spirits could just whisper into your ears or try to scare you .. 

The best you can do is to Affirm this believe to yourself

'If I had to die then nothing can stop me from dying and if my time is not up yet then there is no force in universe that can hurt me' 

This total acceptance of this affirmation consciously might help you ;) I don't have a ton of insight to your particular situation, but I'll share some things that happened to me in case they might be meaningful to you. 

One time when I was on DMT I telepathically asked one of the entities how I could join them.  She basically said that I already know, which I took to mean that I would die before I join them.  I've also had encounters during deep meditation that suggested my death is impending, but that it won't matter because I'll basically shift dimensions or into another realm or something and then I'll understand.  The message was pretty clear in both that I'm not likely to reach old age, but also that death is not the tragedy that we've been taught to think that it is.  It is more similar to shedding a skin than suffering a true death that leads to non-existence.

As a result of my experiences, including several near death experiences, I'm not really worried about death in the philosophical sense.  Biologically, my body will try to survive, but my consciousness is energy and my energy can only be transferred from one vessel to another.  I sleep well at night knowing that my death is approaching, whether in decades or maybe sometime tomorrow, but I'm confident that the timing of my death is irrelevant. I think a good question would be who planted that thought in your head, or who whispered it. Death from the spirit world doesn't mean the same here as on earth. Thier concept of death doesn't exist because it doesn't happen in the spirit world. When death is mentioned it usually means "the end of something". Life is in stages and when one stage ends another stage begins. Such as death means your living stage has ended and now your starting back at the spirit stage. Death as in the end, could be a feeling, emotions you carrying, or even a way of living. Something is going to change for you, keep your eyes open, don't  be quick to judge let everything play out. The best advice I could give is enjoy each day as chance to start over. Everything happens for a reason, we may not like the way its happening but in the end you will know why it had to happen this way. Just give it time and you will have a better understanding of what the dream is trying to tell you. It could have been someone/something trying to mess with you. Every day should be your concern, not what may or may not come to pass. This the second post in a row talking about hearing they gonna die
What the hell type shit y'all doin
I only hear nice things My guardian angel and spirit guides said you have 2 guardian angels and 5 spirit guides. My guides talked to yours and they said that you have negative entities around you. These entities are messing with you, and that's all I can say. They also told me to teach you how to protect yourself and your family easily, so that's what I'm going to do. Yes, I can talk/hear my guardian angel and spirit guides, that's how I know. Please do the the following two:

The easiest 24/7 protection method for each individual to pray once only for their lifetime: Pray to your guardian angels and spirit guides once by saying, "My real guardian angels and my real spirit guides please protect me all the time, until I die and my spirit is finally back home and is safe."

This one, you have to pray once every few months from each individual: "Archangel Michael, please remove all negative energies and any entities that are not of the middle path of light within me, around me, in my home, and around my home. Also, please put a fire barrier around me and around my home."

Please pray these two prayer for your babies too since they can't read or understand :) I'm going to echo what someone else said. Death doesn't always mean your physical body. It could be a big change in your life Probably what you said Some people are born with innate psychic abilities which are much more sensitive then others ..Your psychic abilities is much more sensitive that you accurately predict your mom death.. I probably think this is not only person you predicted accurately also you do also experience deja vu.. don't you? There are no such things as coincidences.  Every human alive has psychic ability and learning how to tap into your subconscious and trust your intuition is the way to unlock it. Sounds like your grandmother called your mother, or maybe not. But I always hear of parents calling their children to die after they have. My aunt died right after her mother, my grandmother, died. What do you do with such knowledge? I definitely trust my intuition, but when major things happen it’s not until after that I realize, “hey wait, I already kind of saw this happen” I am truly sorry for the loss of your grandmother and your mother and hope that knowing your mama is with your grandmother is a little comfort  take care💛 this isn’t lucid dreaming, that’s when you are fully aware you are dreaming whilst in a dream. this sounds more like the beginning stages of clairvoyance. meditation helps strengthen it if you want to. This sounds like clairvoyance to me. During my spiritual awakening, I had this pretty often and I still get it if I lower my barriers a bit. The faces are nearby spirits--they tend to be drawn to people with mediumistic gifts. You're kind of like light in a dark room to them. This happens to me all the time for my entire adult life. It’s not lucid dreaming, but it seems to happen to me when I’m tired or didn’t sleep well the night before. Alcohol aides clairvoyance. You have the gift that is ready for development I have had visions happen to me during that period between wakefulness and sleep. I do not know what that means though I have been told there is a "perfectly mundane explanation" for it called "exploding head syndrome."

Though interestingly enough, that stopped (seeing faces/bodies/etc) when the space I live in was properly warded, energetically. So... there's that. I think your third eye is opening or you are in a lucid dream where you are fully conscious awhile dreaming.. sounds like remote viewing yeah Sounds like some form of extended remote viewing I have this as well and thought it was common until I asked a classroom full of my high school students. Only one had similar experiences. I will see faces of people I never met before so vividly. Is your imagination and a lucid dream > And that was her telling me I have a spiritual blockage that’s preventing me from really moving forward

Always this nonsense... People need to stop falling for it. Someone can be an accurate reader yet still be a scammer as well. 

Variations on ‘you have a blockage’ are a very popular scam I’m afraid. You’ve done right to ask because I think this is con artist too. I wouldn’t even bother to speak to her again, she’ll have some wordy explanation for you, but bottom line is anyone who tries to upsell you anything that is preventing you for doing, being, realising, becoming or meeting anyone or anything is playing on your most basic fears and relying on that being the thing to make you open your wallet. Just block her now & walk away. 

For the record, I don’t feel you have any blockages but if you want to, do an online search for free chakra meditation or healings, cleansing or even just meditations. There’s plenty of free resources out there if you feel you’d like to try them. You can unblock anything blocked yourself. And she could’ve given you guidance as to how. If you can, try and get your money back. Yes this is absolutely a scam, one we keep seeing repeated time and time again. I’m really sorry. Definitely a scam. Run away. I can remove the blockage in half the time for half the price! 🤣

Yeah, you getting scammed. Blockages are real. Money doesn’t remove them. Identifying the issue if it exists (spoilers, we all have issues) and addressing it is a good idea. But no way I would pay a psychic $300 for anything!

I’ve been out of this area for a while but $70 seems high for a reading to my cheap self. Is that the going rate now? Oh dear lord. This is definitely a scam!! There are no blockages that you can't work through yourself. Please don't pay them any money. You’re as duped as you believe you are. You’re the perceiver here, I tend to find if you’re blocked it’s for a reason. You won’t unblock yourself unless you’re ready to be unblocked, I myself wouldn’t pay another human Jack shit but to each their own, if you don’t want to acknowledge that it’s all within you as much as it is outside of you, it’s your journey not mine. Personally for me,I would give my clients a comfortable experience only after I am done with the reading & analysing..I charge..This kind of detachement helps both ways the client & the reader alot from expectations & false hopes I guess.. You only need to ask specifically for them to come and help. If you aren’t sure about AA Michael specifically, then ask for the help from the most appropriate arch Angel to come and assist you with your request. 

It really is that easy. Simply ask. I always just say archangel micheal protect me or help me and I just imagine he’s here with me already works for me angels/archangels and Spirit guides usually come one I call for them the first time Hi guys and thanks in advance. I am currently going through a really hard time and I remember years ago a healer told me to pray and ask her his help. I just don’t know what to do Yes it really is that simple, just ask. St. Michael the Archangel, 
defend us in battle. 
Be our defense against the wickedness and snares of the Devil. 
May God rebuke him, we humbly pray, 
and do thou, 
O Prince of the heavenly hosts, 
by the power of God, 
thrust into hell Satan, 
and all the evil spirits, 
who prowl about the world 
seeking the ruin of souls. Amen. .

O glorious prince St. Michael, 
chief and commander of the heavenly hosts, 
guardian of souls, vanquisher of rebel spirits, 
servant in the house of the Divine King
and our admirable conductor, 
you who shine with excellence
and superhuman virtue deliver us from all evil,
who turn to you with confidence
and enable us by your gracious protection
to serve God more and more faithfully every day. I just started doing the Lesser Banishing Ritual of The Pentagram and one of the entities I evoked was archangel Michael. I feel like doing this would help you immensely as it has helped me more than I could write here. Here is a guided version so you can just play it and follow along with your intention: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WghE3MIYXBs I grabbed the Bible next to my bed and screamed “help!”. Michael was sent.

I’m not sure you can request a special person. And I’m not a Christian so it might be confusing. I asked him to come in the name of Jesus to cast away demons from my medium friend then thanked him with his sigil of course. I have found in my years that when you are needing answers you call out to the universe / god in your mind and ask them to show you a sign. It does take some time for this to come to fruition. However when you speak with conviction the things that will happen will be a path showing you what you need to know. I have found that it is better to focus on god regardless if you are religious or not. If you call on god or universe however you want to label it, than your answers will come for the divine. However be careful because you will find many people who are following various guides but it does not mean those guides are pure. Just like in the material world you can find people who are claiming to be good but have poor intent and end up getting hurt. It's important when you are connecting you focus on your heart and let it discern for you to remove the masks of various guides. I know there are many who work with other guides but in my experience you want to work with the person from the top who has designed everything. Let me know if it works and sometimes visual exercises help too. :) Call upon him with clear heart and intentions and ask all u have to do is ask, AA Michael responds v quickly he is a good bodyguard & spiritual protector Also call him to come clear out your home or room if you feel something is off. I’m pagan and call on him. He’s really thorough and helpful. I also thank him and let him go when the work is done. Wut like da one in da bible? Idk man I don't even think you can do that Honestly I just vibe with them. You know, put on some headphones and start groovin to some funky dance music while talking to them. They’re super playful you just gotta kind match their energy to start forming a relationship. Just start talking to them I guess. [deleted] I use a pendulum. Besides that my main guide speaks to me while meditating or in dream state. I like to talk to mine out loud. in the car, getting ready for the day, whatever. I treat it like they’re just always there watching me (because they are) so might as well include them- they throw signs in a nanosecond at times. Different people have different gifts. Meditate and try to find out what gift you’re have that allows you to interact with them. Some hear. Some see. Some feel. Ask your spirit guide(s) to help your figure it out. Then be receptive. 
Relationships just take time and trust. Work with them and follow their advice. 

I have some more info on my website about this if you are interested let me know. I first connected with mine through a pendulum and I only had one at the time. Now I’ve gotten much closer by learning what exactly they’re guiding me with through my tarot cards. We’re practicing with dowsing rods now as well. Creating a light energy in the room is important because it can be hard for some to communicate. I’ve gained two more spirit guides since my first encounter. I can now communicate with them with my mind by creating and visualizing a space or box in my head to receive messages. That’s how I know their names :) I really like The Witch’s Book of Spirits by Devin Hunter. He gives a lot of good tips and instructions One thing that I do, is I will try and draw or paint them or write them letters in my journal it really helps me a lot (: Tbh, simply talking with them, ik some ppl over complicate stuff like this, I was one of these pple as well but in the end, just approach them the normal way you would with a friend and a connection sure will be forged Music is a great way to connect. Meditating is also a good way to train up the senses that let you "hear" and "see" them. Just like any friend or mentor, the more you reach out and communicate with them, the closer your relationship will become. Guided Meditation to Meet your Guides.  There are some excellent ones on YouTube.  First and foremost, you must physically call on them to join you.  Seek and you will find... 💜 They modify my desires, and give me pings about things that need to be done and I follow through and do them.  They also keep me calm and nuked my anxiety and depression altogether. I'm going to copy what I said in another post since I don't want to type it all out. It's someone asking me how I was able to hear, see, feel my higher self, guardian angels, and spirit guides without any tools. I think these information should help you:  
  
"Well, in my personal experiences, in the beginning of my journey, I started using pendulum and oracle cards to ask questions that are related to spirituality. I also meditate 30 minutes a day. This is when my whole vision was fully covered in bright white light, then I extended my meditation to an hour a day. I used my pendulum daily to ask questions for understanding and guidance. While doing these, I started learning spirituality topics, then it extended into me learning how to do energy work, witchcraft, energy healing, protection, and so on online and by using my pendulum as a guide to see if I was doing it correctly. One of my strongest ability at the time that I always had (I didn't even know) was clear knowing, so that helped too. As I was meditating, I started to see light moving around, and touches on my body. The touch can be felt like itches in the beginning, but you should not shrug it off, as they are teaching you to use your clear feeling ability, same with seeing the light (clear seeing). Over time, you will notice each spirit has a different feel to them, such as warm, neutral, statically, etc... Soon you will even feel pressure from their touches. You can even feel how they feel, and feel where they are around you. As you pay attention, you will start noticing that these light are not random, they are your guides. Each different light color represent different entity. They are letting you know and teaching you that it is them, and are trying to make you contemplate on why you are seeing these lights. Eventually you will start seeing images and visions. For clear hearing, always pay attention to outside sounds / inner sounds during meditation and during your daily life. Their voice can sound like your inner monologue, but it's not, don't shrug it off. As you keep on meditating and listening, you will start to be able to differentiate between your inner monologue voice, your ego voice, your guides voice, and other spirit voices. I heard that there are people that can hear voices from outside their heads, but they are less common than those that hear from within their heads. Remember, your guides are teaching you or trying to tell you something during meditation, and you should be trying to understand them, not ignore them. They could be teaching you all your clair abilities. If they are not, before meditation, pray to them to teach you. Even not from meditation, try to feel their guidance on your daily life, and use your abilities on your daily life. As you keep on meditating, working/interacting with your guides, understanding your guides' teaching, practice their teachings, practice the abilities you learned online, contemplating for the truth, researching, increasing your vibration, learning spiritual topics, learning how to use your psychic abilities, you will eventually be able to develop all of your Clair abilities and do the things you wanted to do. And the more you practice your abilities, the clearer and stronger they get. Now I don't need to meditate the whole hour as my guides will tell me when to stop.  
  
I hope everything goes well!" Through frequency specifically 528hz or 639hz 
Or you could connect via deity by meditating in front of the diety with incenses.. or through mantra chanting.. I'm not too sure what your question is really! If you find him helpful, you should keep working with him. In spirit work people can try to put rigid labels on things, but in practice they are not really valid. To me if it's a spirit that guides me in some way, they are a spirit + guide, spirit guide. It's a good thing! I'm not sure what your expectations are of a spirit guide.  It sounds like you think all spirit guides advise you on things in your life?  In my opinion/experience this is very individual to the person in question.   Spirit guides are sometimes with us for life.  Sometimes they come and go.  Usually they perform some kind of "role" or have a particular niche.

While some spirits/guides (especially ancestors) may have very strong OPINIONS on what you *should* or *shouldn't* do with your life at the end of the day it's their opinion.  They can "guide" you but at the end of the day you have to make your own choices.

To me it sounds like the role of this spirit guide is to be a protector spirit.  Protector spirits (in general) tend to be more fierce than they are conversational.  They perform a function to keep  other spirits messing with you.  Often, they tend to be gruff in personality, as it's basically part of their role.  Think of this way, how many security guards have you met that were super friendly, welcoming and chatty?  Probably not many, as being gruff is part of their demeanor.

If this guide consistently shows up for you, to me it would indicate you need to have this kind of spirit in your life.  I can't say why that may be.  It may be so you can learn to be more balanced, or to learn a life skill, or some other reason.  It's for you to find out.  If a spirit is non-verbal, then figure out other ways to communicate.  Observe what he does and how he moves, mimic him (shapeshift), and allow yourself to be a little bit more primal, rather than "heady". Boundaries. Everything about mediumship is about our boundaries.  

You can absolutely and politely ask this guy to step aside so you can communicate with other spirits who love you unconditionally

I have one spirit friend who is very intense and like, always there, every time I turn around. It’s nothing malicious, he’s not trying to crowd me, he’s just very intense. I’ve been asking him to stand aside and let me talk to other spirits, and that has helped me a lot, and even helped my relationship with him Mens business is done shoulder to shoulder. It sounds like this spirit is there for you even if he is not communicating verbally at the moment. As with any relationship, especially a working relationship, just relax into it, let it be what it is, let him be what he is.  It sounds like you feel pretty safe around him, so just be enjoy the interaction, whatever it is.

Communication comes in many different forms, and it sounds like he is teaching you, and that there is a lot to learn from him.  Just stay attentive, watch what he does, when he does it, and how.

I must say, he sounds pretty cool!  :-)

(*edit to add*) However, he may not be there forever. His work with you might just be for a time, until you have grown to the place where you are strong enough to cope without him, and you have learned all you can from him.  At that point, the relationship may change, he may move on, and someone else or others may step in to take you further. TLDR just popping in to say you absolutely have one thats been with you since birth. others may come and go. how they present themselves is sort of a reflection of your connotations and what you’d except someone of certain qualities to appear as (: You say he's not talking and yet, there are probably a thousand ways to communicate (especially in dreams) that don't require talking. I'm going to copy what I said in another post since I don't want to type it all out. It's someone asking me how I was able to hear, see, feel my higher self, guardian angels, and spirit guides without any tools. I think these information should help you:  
  
"Well, in my personal experiences, in the beginning of my journey, I started using pendulum and oracle cards to ask questions that are related to spirituality. I also meditate 30 minutes a day. This is when my whole vision was fully covered in bright white light, then I extended my meditation to an hour a day. I used my pendulum daily to ask questions for understanding and guidance. While doing these, I started learning spirituality topics, then it extended into me learning how to do energy work, witchcraft, energy healing, protection, and so on online and by using my pendulum as a guide to see if I was doing it correctly. One of my strongest ability at the time that I always had (I didn't even know) was clear knowing, so that helped too. As I was meditating, I started to see light moving around, and touches on my body. The touch can be felt like itches in the beginning, but you should not shrug it off, as they are teaching you to use your clear feeling ability, same with seeing the light (clear seeing). Over time, you will notice each spirit has a different feel to them, such as warm, neutral, statically, etc... Soon you will even feel pressure from their touches. You can even feel how they feel, and feel where they are around you. As you pay attention, you will start noticing that these light are not random, they are your guides. Each different light color represent different entity. They are letting you know and teaching you that it is them, and are trying to make you contemplate on why you are seeing these lights. Eventually you will start seeing images and visions. For clear hearing, always pay attention to outside sounds / inner sounds during meditation and during your daily life. Their voice can sound like your inner monologue, but it's not, don't shrug it off. As you keep on meditating and listening, you will start to be able to differentiate between your inner monologue voice, your ego voice, your guides voice, and other spirit voices. I heard that there are people that can hear voices from outside their heads, but they are less common than those that hear from within their heads. Remember, your guides are teaching you or trying to tell you something during meditation, and you should be trying to understand them, not ignore them. They could be teaching you all your clair abilities. If they are not, before meditation, pray to them to teach you. Even not from meditation, try to feel their guidance on your daily life, and use your abilities on your daily life. As you keep on meditating, working/interacting with your guides, understanding your guides' teaching, practice their teachings, practice the abilities you learned online, contemplating for the truth, researching, increasing your vibration, learning spiritual topics, learning how to use your psychic abilities, you will eventually be able to develop all of your Clair abilities and do the things you wanted to do. And the more you practice your abilities, the clearer and stronger they get. Now I don't need to meditate the whole hour as my guides will tell me when to stop.  
  
I hope everything goes well!" I suggest you listen to 639hz and meditate with headphones on this could be a beginner step as it synchronised your brainwave to certain states..

After that slowly you detach yourself from using headphones..

Or you could have a deity and have incenses & meditate provided the environment is quiet & there is no disturbance.. You need to set boundaries and put up a “membrane” of sorts. For example, ask to only see spirits that are positive or that you are capable of helping. Try to find a reason you would want to see them, and then only filter in that type. It will take some practice but try to structure the reality rather than jumping in the ocean. Good luck! Everything that shows up in your life experience is, in some way, a reflection of you. Also, everything is cut from the same cloth: infinite, unconditionally loving consciousness. At the core of every being is that same divine reality.

How many humans do you know who have remembered their connection to the divine and truly live it? We could say that most humans don't remember. They can do nasty things, things we call evil, though the beings themselves are not evil at their core. How could they be, when  we are all made of the same 'stuff'? Trauma causes us to forget.

It is possible that your own fears are projected on these beings, distorting their forms. It's also possible they are intentionally looking that way to scare you and feed off fear/conflict energy, which is a 'food source' for beings who have forgotten their divine connection. 

Either way, it's a reflection of something within you. The solution here is to continue being aware of emotional patterns and patterns of thought which do not serve you. Gently, lovingly feeling our feelings and rewriting mental 'programming' is how we heal trauma. I have the exact same problem except the things I see are all FAT. Like HULKING HUGE kinda warrior types, it's TERRIFYING. <*******-(!!!!!!!
I have tried everything to be rid of them, nothing has worked & my boundaries are always crossed/breeched. I'm just nothing but a toy to these damn things & it's been going on my whole life now.
From my experience there's no way to stop or lessen it.
Not at all.
The only way is to get out of the area. I live in a haunted house & the houses that were terrible were truly just unexplainably TERRIBLE. The only good one was wonderful & I was able to heal & sleep in safety & peace for once. 

As for what you can do (other than say, sleeping somewhere else, or changing out the mattress or furniture, just in case this is the problem) I don't know what to say.

I have found some answers though, as to why this is happening. Turns out there is a race of Underground Reptiles who are Exceedingly Psychic, Telepathic & ... well, just plain EVIL. I don't know if they live in this dimension or not, but personally I have find that there seems to be a whole TON of different creatures, not just these things. Anyway, these dark entities; they like to ... "Play w/their food" & they *Seem* to "feed" off of negative emotions, or so I have been told.
But personally I have found that the positive emotions of mask the pain & horrors that they are doing to me & others.
I have watched them influence people's thinking & emotions; making people decide & do some incredibly SCREWY stuff. =-(!  All Horribly NEGATIVE mind you, nothing ever for the good. They always get people to do incredibly imaginative, you could never think of that, selfish & self centered, to the point of Narcissistic or even Psychopathic stuff. Just totally paranoid knowing that the other person is taking money from them or cheating or who knows what & they say &/or do something that totally destroys the other person & steals money from them. They always steal money, across the board, even if it's only through keeping resources when they kick the other person out.
Either way, these things seem to like anger & paranoia the most. 
As for how to save someone? I don't know if that's possible.
As for how to save yourself from being attacked by these things? Also no idea. 
As far as I can tell there is no way. 
I have not been able to save or even protect myself yet, despite doing absolutely everything in the Christian religion possible. =-/! 
So yeah.
Overall I understand, you're not alone or nuts. You don't need to worry for your mental health, this stuff is real. 
And just to let you know, I believe you. 
Sometimes just hearing that you are not alone & not nuts is all that is needed.
Sorry I wasn't able to help or comfort but at least you are not alone.
I hope my comment helped in some way.
🙏❤️❤️❤️🙏 get an energy healing done. Ive had experiences with negative things latching on when I was in a very dark place We attract what we dwell on. If you're constantly thinking about bad things, even if it's only to get rid of them, you will attract them. 

My experience with dark beings is that you need to firmly say out loud to them that if they do not come with love and light, then they are not welcome in your presence. Tell them (and **believe** it) that you are a child of  God and have nothing to fear from them. Tell them to leave. They will go away. My guardian angel and spirit guides said that you have 3 guardian angels, 5 spirit guides, 3 spirit animals, and 1 ascended master. Your guides said that the beings you are seeing are negative beings and demons. They said to be careful with what witchcraft, psychic, and spiritual things you are learning because you can make things worse if you don't know what you are doing. They want you to ask them to guide you in some way before you start doing any of those. They also told me to teach you easy ways to protect yourself, which I am going to do. And yes, I can hear/talk to my guardian angel and spirit guides, and that's how I know :). Please do the following two please:

  
The easiest 24/7 protection method for each individual to pray once only for their lifetime: Pray to your guardian angels and spirit guides once by saying, "My real guardian angels and my real spirit guides please protect me all the time, until I die and my spirit is finally back home and is safe."

This one, you have to pray once every few months from each individual: "Archangel Michael, please remove all negative energies and any entities that are not of the middle path of light within me, around me, in my home, and around my home. Also, please put a fire barrier around me and around my home." happened to me when I was a child and didn’t know what happened but you definitely transferred your consciousness. It’s actually a known technique were you can transfer consciousness into people, animals, and objects. The ability is called trance mediumship, which is the ability to allow another being to come into your body and take control. Trance mediumship is found int the crown chakra. It's also one of the ways we leave our body when we sleep, the other being out the third chakra. 

Some healers use this ability to perform out of body healings on someone else, either in the same room or remotely. The advantage to this healing technique is the being doing the healing doesn't have to deal with the filters and pictures in their space; they just leave their space and go into the body of the healee and do their work, without prejudice or emotion.

This does usually require an agreement between the healer and the healee. In your case, you and you partner made an agreement to experience what you experienced.

Really cool experience IMO. 

One thing I learned from working with a group of trance mediums for a few years is doing a cleanout after each session is necessary. It's not a big deal, like you're doing yourself harm. It's more like washing the windshield on your car. If you don't, over time you can't see out of your windshield.

In your case, it's going to maintain your awareness at this clearer and more fun level.

Why is this necessary? Whenever a being that is not the owner of the body enters another body and then leaves, a slight film of energy is left behind. It's not negative energy, but it doesn't belong to the owner of the body and can't be used by the owner to create anything. Over time, it can get think enough to cloud your spiritual senses.

There's lots of ways to clean this up. The simplest is to use a symbol. Dust mops seem to work for a lot of people. I use a rose that attracts and holds any energy in my space that's not mine, especially in my head, combined with a grounding cord so the energy has a safe place to go away from me. You may already have some technique, and that's even better if you're happy with it.

Really impressive awareness on your parts of playing a spiritual game. Well done. No but that's awesome, although, also unsettling.  Sort of related, I've felt my consciousness separate from my body when I say my name out loud to myself.  It's like, it's so weird for me to here myself say my own name in a certain way that it makes me feel like I'm not me and like I'm someone else and my consciousness leaves to what feels like inches outside of myself as if I'm observing myself like I'm someone else.  Seriously a weird feeling.  I wonder if it's the same sort of thing that happened with you except you had another persons body to readily jump into? Damn what an awesome experience. Imagine the possibilities of mastering this 🤯 Wonderful post, wonderful comments. Hello Dear,   
I am so sorry to hear you are experiencing this problem. I do not believe this is coming from your aura, and I want you to know you do not have evil energy. No one is evil, not at the soul level.   
It sounds like some limiting beliefs are impacting your manifestations, and even though we want something at the surface, sometimes inside we feel so intense about something because we don't feel it will happen, so we repel it.   
I know that in the past, some people have tried visual exercises to help clear their energy where they see themselves living the life they truly desire, and it does take time and practice, but it does work.   
We start to see things change in our life when we let go of control of those things and by control, I mean like really, really wanting something. We kind of have to switch our energy from wanting to believe we will have it in time.  
I'm sorry if it sounds silly; it is very effective.  
Also, as far as spirit guides go, I would try to open your energy again to the universe.   
We must surrender to the belief that we have a grand plan for all of us, and that's when we start to see the magic.   
When we become curious and ask questions, we start to see our intuition kick on in hyperdrive and see our future unfold. Thanks so much My guardian angel and spirit guides said that you have 3 guardian angels, and 5 spirit guides. My guides talked to yours, and they said that you have negative entities in you and around you. They also said that the the spirit guide you talked to before was not your real spirit guide; It was the negative entities pretending to be your spirit guide. Your guides also told me to show you how to protect yourself easily, which I am going to do. And yes, I can talk/hear my guardian angel and spirit guides, and that's how I know :). Please do the following two:

The easiest 24/7 protection method for each individual to pray once only for their lifetime: Pray to your guardian angels and spirit guides once by saying, "My real guardian angels and my real spirit guides please protect me all the time, until I die and my spirit is finally back home and is safe."

This one, you have to pray once every few months from each individual: "Archangel Michael, please remove all negative energies and any entities that are not of the middle path of light within me, around me, in my home, and around my home. Also, please put a fire barrier around me and around my home."

I hope everything goes well! I see little orbs daily or almost daily, usually perfectly timed during some difficult thought or emotion. In my case, they seem to be from guides/higher self, a gentle reminder to go within. They're usually stationary and flash for a second, leaving a small afterimage, but sometimes they zip by. They seem to be in the mind's eye rather than something 'external'.

Twice in one night, and on the same night my mother saw something similar, I saw much larger ones. Perhaps golf ball-sized, and they looked like distinctly three-dimensional objects moving through space. This may be more similar to what you have seen, but perhaps larger. They seemed like something I could have taken a picture of if they weren't so fast and brief.

What does it mean? Well, probably different for everyone. What does it mean to *you?*  What thoughts and feelings are happening right before, during, and right after you see them? This will give you more insight than any answer on here possibly could about what the orbs represent. Obligatory this is all my personal experience so take it with a grain of salt.

As a pagan that communes regularly, those light orbs are the burgeoning ability to see spirits.  As you develop spiritually you will see them in more detail.  It will happen naturally as you go about your life as long as you make even a gentle effort to be mindful of them.  If you self reflect in your meditation you can see your own, and even open your own.  I wouldn't open your own unless you protect yourself in other ways(drawing a circle, creating an energy sanctuary, etc).  It feels amazing and is transformative to do with the right spirits and energetically purifies you.  It feels like bathing in electrified holy water and wears against your most disliked aspects of yourself eroding them.  

Since you are seeing ones of light, that is indicative of your own soul perception of them filtered through your mind. Unfortunately, as humans we have to filter things through the mind rather than in their true form. As such, the ones you see are likely positive and holy to whatever your values are given the symbolism.  The same entity appears in different forms to different people based on their ability and preconceived notions.  I commune with them whenever possible as they leave an imprint that helps elevate you spiritually and it also feels amazing. The first being I interacted with one of these entities they asked me to do it.  The first time I did it, it was a nature spirit and I was meditating outside.  I was very nervous but they explained the above to me to comfort me and to guide me in the process.  After the first time though, any entity I commune with that is positive I ask and they have embraced the opportunity. They all have different traits like people and help you awaken more with whatever way you wish to attune.  It's beneficial to all parties involved too as they also are "polished".

There is also another thing that I've had done later in my communing/channeling practice where it's like 2 chakra serpents binding themselves together on the chakra points with tethers and coiling themselves around each other and gradually tightening and you make an effort to synchronize frequencies and that is an even more intense form of communing which feels like a much stronger version of the above.  It kinda looked like a double helix at first but then gradually collapsed inward into 2 energies wrapped together.  That one felt a lot more intimate though and I've only ever had a deity suggest it.
Anyway I don't know if you believe in any of that stuff but that has been my experience so far and I hope it helps. Flashes in one's vision can be a sign of a possible migraine coming on, or a sign of impending retinal detachment. If the latter, you would end up blind unless it got treatment immediately upon detachment. Be careful. Sometimes these flashes you’re talking about are actually eye issues. Please check w optometrist to rule out all possibilities. I’ve seen ectoplasm. It’s smoke appearing out of nothing and disappearing quickly yall are kind of embarrassing at this point, everyone can see what you're talking about. especially in the dark. I see figures out the corner of my eyes all the time. This happened after the passing of my mom in 2020 I see orbs with my nose personally. I have but it's been awhile, I see shadows all the time, lots of animal shadows and human. Day and night. Beloved one, we are in a place where beings walk amongst us. The dark orbs we see with the corner of our eyes, are some of these beings. These beings are not good in nature, but they are merely observers. They are not allowed to harm you. Usually, you will not encounter a passed loved one through orbs. (like almost never) These beings are sent to dwell the world with negative intentions. I have been seeing orbs for a very long time. It is best to find comfort in knowing that they cannot really do anything. Other than that, you should ignore them and carry on with your daily life. I hope you have a nice day/ night. Take it easy. stare at the sun and let it open you up to the reality. an orb is just like a fingerprint of what you really could be seeing. stare at the sun in the first and last 30 minutes of the day. be barefoot in the grass or on a rock I see what might be or orbs outside at night though when I’m taking pictures. I just assume it’s the element. Yes, they come in different colors. Just floatin around A lot of times very tiny clear crystal orbs that float with almost intelligent awareness in my peripheral visions. 

Only once have i seen legitimate light similar to a movie with jeremy renner as some type of agent in the desert with a small squad of spec ops being hunted by some type of being. Yes 🙋‍♀️🙋‍♀️🙋‍♀️ I caught a picture of one early 2000’s, it was right beside me when I was laying down, I’m sure it was my momma 💕🌸. [deleted] I see orbs occasionally I've only ever seen one thing that might have been an orb, but I have seen figures, both of humans and smaller beings, as well as a few animals. 

The orb thing was smoky black as at first I thought it was a male mosquito, but then I remembered it was February and extremely cold out. Mosquitos don't survive that weather. I was looking directly at it as it rose in front of me and then quickly disappeared toward the door. Just prior to my bff dying last year, I saw these tiny twinkling yellow lights. One or 2 of them, on the ceiling, small.  Something told me I needed to get in the car and drive the few hours north to see her. See died that day. Subsequently, I ended up in hosp about 2 weeks later, having 2 seizures because of a swollen brain. (prob COVID related)  I have since seen these, usually every peripherally. Am afraid I’m going to have another seizure but I’m also an empath, so there’s that….lol I have many times!! The best view I ever got of one was when I was living with my ex and his family, tough time for me... I was in the kitchen doing the dishes and a bright white, slightly yellowish orb darts across both my arms directly in front of my eyes Yes, they’re beautiful. Often quick for me. Sometimes I even seen shimmers/flashes of light. Sometimes they’re medium sized. Sometimes they’re small and I’ve rarely seen large ones I’ve seen them visually with my own eyes and the mysterious part is I’ve always seen them as white or light but so did my mother when I was 2 Months and she was tending to me late at night by my crib. She’s told me the story since I was a child. The white orb floated with a white mist behind it from one room into the room she was with me and stopped right at my crib in front of her. She said it had a presence of an guardian over me. She felt like she was being told or shown this. Well there’s been other events where I could have lost my life early. The orbs however have been around me a few times. First they started small and quickly coming in and out with my naked eye. In 2013 I witnessed one with my bare eye moving very slowly in the sky of my front yard. I was laying in the grass under a few trees and a huge brown hawk flew quickly under the branches and swooped back into the sky. It was to create a gust of wind for my attention. I opened my eyes laying on the ground still and looked up seeing the large bird fly away. I stood and looked into the bare sky and there was an almost see through decent sized orb moving very slowly in what seemed like a straight line. This was when I asked it who it was and what it was doing but of course it kept gliding with this misty clear blue color and essence. I was practically underneath it as it was about 15ft from the ground or so. Then it disappeared. This was in Maryland. 2020 I was in Belen, NM and again witnessed another orb but larger and very blue. At sunset it shot out quickly from nowhere it seemed but it was near a few trees. I saw it float in front of that tree. So blue I remember. It was beautiful and mysterious like nothing else with my bare eyes. Like fluorescent blue which also matches the color of the 4th dimensional beings I also met in 2013. It moved out of site from where I was walking near my house but when I cut the corner to see where it went. It was just gone and the area was clear from trees. It’s New Mexico and a lot of farmland. I was so shook I tried to get my friend out there right after to sit with me hoping it would come back. Fascinating these orbs show up in photos but, that was so different for me when they began showing up visually too. Much love~ [removed] Y'all need to stop, I'm serious the mind is meant to question things this shit ain't healthy You can still do a natal chart. Just put 12 pm for the time. That 12 hour discrepancy isn’t enough to make a mess of it. If the time matters that much, it still would be a cusp event and you can use either side, whichever resonates best with you. 

Just use 12pm. Yeah, I think using a Psychic is a excellent idea! =-)! Plus it'll show the ones who are the real deal & the ones who are liars. =-)! Because of this you're kinda like the perfect litmus test for if they are just sharlitains or not. =-)! 
Anyone who is the real deal should be able to get this info., either easily or through difficulty,  it should be more than do-able.

Either way try to see this as a blessing more than a curse. If you're ever dragged to a Psychic by friends etc. You can ask when & where exactly you were born & if they can't give an accurate/correct answer then you know, they are not truly Psychic, they are merely entertainers. ;-)! I’ve had an astrologer make a chart for me and give me my exact birth time. I had a general idea of when it was but didn’t know the exact minute. Based on my major life events and when they took place this person was able to draw up a chart and give me the time of birth which was scary accurate to the time my mom had said it was. Your higher self is you, but more you than you remember you are. To my knowledge, everybody you interact with is alike you and meant to be allowed to be a part of your journey, wether or not they know it. You need an astrologer that can rectify a chart I know many spiritual concepts can be tricky to navigate, and I do not want you to worry about self-diagnosing. You know your abilities best, and even if you don't see the label yet does not mean you do not have any. Everyone has powers, whether they are already out or sitting inside of them. Everyone experiences their abilities differently, and they are expressed in different ways. So when it comes to the Clairs, it speaks to your five senses; that's the easy way to understand them. Our senses are sight, touch, smell, taste, and hear. When you are talking about the Clairs, imagine this to be your five senses becoming amplified to the point it can give you extra information on future-based events. Being an empath, you can sense things very quickly and become almost like a sponge to other people's emotions, allowing you to understand them better. However, when we are talking about Clairs such as clairvoyants, it means you can predict future-based events; usually, it comes to you visually or in a state of knowing like someone is telling you a story. The easiest way to cultivate your gifts and strengthen them is by building a friendship with your skills. Think about back in grade school when you were first making friends. You have to start with creating trust with your gifts just by doing little practice tests with yourself. You can channel by asking yourself (What will tomorrow be like?) then wait a moment and ask your intuition to show you, and it will express however it needs to, and then the next day, see if any of those events showed up. Over time you will build a deeper relationship with your intuition. I’m a medium and anything I see like that are images that come from the dead. It’s something someone who has passed is showing me, or they are appearing to me themselves. 

Maybe talk to your ancestors or your spirit guides. Like literally have a conversation with them. That’s what I do. Just talk to them, tune deeply into their energy. When I do this, they show up in the room. I feel them and see them but with my mind more than my eyes. But I feel their energy the way I would feel the physical presence of a living person so I know they’re actually there, and if I’m doing a reading for another person they often report their animals reacting to the person I’m seeing with them, so I know they are truly there. 

So try talking to them until they appear to you. Have a chat like they are with you and they may come to you. And it can be an ongoing conversation with them helping you in your day to day life and in your spiritual practice.

My grandparents help me constantly in my daily life now that I’ve started “including” them in my life more. So you may get that added benefit as well. 

Do you have any loved ones who have passed on that you can connect to in this way? Yes, mine improved. Sometimes, they're still fuzzy when they first appear, but when I put my focus on them, they clear up. The clearest one was possibly my first one when I was a teen. It was so clear I thought it was reality and when it stopped I was confused with the current reality. What I saw came to pass exactly as I lived it.

Even with all the practice and all the balancing of my chakras it’s still just a tad blurry. I don’t mind it because it helps me distinguish a vision from what is happening. I’ve developed clairsentience so now I can attach feelings to the blurry visions even if it still looks like I’m experiencing it, in the moments that it takes over my whole surrounding.

I am going to be reading CW Leadbeater’s Clairvoyance book as soon as I’m done with the other series I started. Iv seen things my who life, I often see the dead as dark masses floating shadows, I sometimes hear them. With only the inner right ear but it's not often.
I can't say I have even seen a clear image of what they looked like in life, I get skin colour etc where they show a part of there body like a four arm as a flash image, I'll get words and sentences that are not my thoughts like they are my inner voice, that's odd and had me doubt my gifts but when I tell the person it's confirmed. There no angels or demons but just like life good and bad and your can definitely have heaps around you guiding you that you may call angles.
I don't think there is such a thing as a clear image. It's the same as if I'm remembering something or thinking about something, they use the same methods and same voices of my head. As I said I have hear there voices but that's not often, thing is as a older adult that doesn't bother me anymore, I still get a heart race when a shadow comes at me, I have seem full bodies with my eyes but it's not often and I feel that's there ability. It's important when we pass over to learn our gifts, as a living person that been shown things it's important to explain there not in limbo and what is around them is there on imagination making it, they create there one heaven and hell, it's like being in a dream, what's known as God is the light and is a collective consciousness of all spirits, most fear judgement but should not and need to have that explained.
I was born with it so I'm use to it, I come accustomed to ignoring and keeping things to myself, it's easy if you communicate for them to suddenly become flooded by heaps and even hounded as your viewed as just a tool and they can get very frustrated and angry with you not working out what they show you or more to the point the person the message is for not understanding. Be great if it where a clear person in front and a voice external but it's far more messy. If you have any sort of emotional tension or anxiety/anger that can sometimes make visions fuzzier too. Not entirely sure but it sounds like what many strong Empaths experience. Empaths are like energy/emotional sponges, much of the time the transfer of this energy is unwarranted. If this is the case, it may be helpful to find ways to protect your own energy; receive the information but set boundaries. Use your discretion when getting involved with others.  Good luck :) This is deja vu..clearly 100% ..
Do you also predict anything via dream or in visions?If yes then your palm maybe have a x symbol.. What if it was you. Like the future you or your higher self guiding you? Like the movie Interstellar. I honestly just think you connected with your higher self hey, sorry you’re getting weird ass comments instead of answers i guess everyone is bored. first off i want to say that if you feel quintin, he is there. you are making contact with him :-) you’re not making it up. if you are unsure or a little scared, set a sign like seeing a certain animal or smell or noise or feather just to confirm. you’ll start seeing the signs very soon. i’m a medium and i felt called to tell you that he said he can hear you, feel you, and see you and he misses you so much. he’s proud of you. there is a lot of love 💜 second, if you’re nervous about the ouija board, try reaching out by speaking, use your voice. you can light a candle for protection, like when you light it state “i light this candle for protection from those who are trying to harm me and any entities that fo not have my best and highest interest in mind.” that should be good. really act like they’re there and ask if there are any beings trying to contact you :-) you will get an answer, it could be obvious, it could be subtle, either way you’ll know. approach this from a place of curiosity rather than fear, it seems like whoever it was tried to tell you that your parents were up to something. maybe they come through as other people. like they inhabit them for a sentence or two. kinda how i feel right now 😅 so anyways, try this out, let me know if it works and if you need help or are unsure of anything i can give you a little pep talk and your fear will not be able to get you 😊 best of luck, lots of love, don’t be afraid of the darkness, it is the same as the light. two sides of the same coin. Err.... I hate doing this but I keep seeing that year 1994 everywhere. That was the year I was born. October to be in fact but not giving the day. Lol

I've gotten into tarot cards and a friend of mine is a psychic so I've seen some crazy shit.

I'm sorry for how your parents treated you and I would, if you had the will, strength and fortitude requires for it, speak out and spread as much awareness about your experience in that troubled youth school as you can so other victims can have a voice and together you all can keep this from happening to others. If this path is not for you then please do not feel as if you should, it's your story and your choice alone and noone can judge you for how you use it.

I hope you make a full recovery from the trauma. I guess you are just over thinking. Life is not a bed of roses. It's not smooth it can never be. Bad things happens to all of us. How you perceive it is what really matters. So just calm down you don't need to play that game again. Stay away from such things. Be positive and don't think about whatever happened in 1994 ruined your life. I believe that no entity has that much power to ruin a life. Your story seems normal to me people die early, children having birth defects all this happens in the real world. Ouijas are scary, I wouldn't mess with one ever again unless you know what you're doing. You have nothing to fear with this information. It's simply the truth. Higher dimensions pull time around space, effectively meaning you can see all happenings past, present, and future.

One thing I like to explain to people is that we've recently discovered that human consciousness can affect the fundamental nature of reality. There is a CIA study that is still on the website that basically explains that around the world there are random number generators. They generate 1s and 0s depending on particles that hit the sensor. It generates a near perfect 50/50. That's entropy. Background energy. However, they found that during times of extreme human collective stress, these numbers spike to like 54/46 (can't remember exactly, but well beyond standard deviation). They used 9/11 and princess Diana's death as examples. What this implies is that conscious beings can alter reality itself just by thinking it.

There's also a study that was done where a plant was put in the corner of a room and 4 lights would turn on at random, based on entropy. They found that given enough time, the lights would focus almost solely above the plant so it could harvest as much light as possible. Same thing was done with baby ducks and a robot duck mother. The baby ducks called the robot back to them because they intended it. These things are deemed impossible due to Newtonian physics but make complete sense in the quantum realm, where all outcomes exist and conscious measurement is what brings them from the quantum realm to the Newtonian realm.

If you extrapolate this, what it implies is that we affect probability. If we affect probability, that means, by definition, that literally anything you can imagine is possible, with proper intention. That also implies higher realms are not only plausible, they are assuredly real. It also means time is both an illusion and real.

Now, it could've easily been your own higher self helping you, it could've been an angel/good spirit, it could be an evil spirit, or it could've just been you, utilizing your own inherent power. We all have it and telling ourselves we don't is why we don't have control over it. Literally whatever you think was the cause of it, likely *was* the cause of it. 

If you embrace this knowledge, you will be impressed by how powerful and in control of your life you will be. That means shutting out negative thoughts in your inner monologue. Write down intentions for yourself that are as specific as possible, draw a represented symbol for it, then release it. Forget about it even. The trick is you have to believe it with your whole heart and be grateful for the opportunity and outcome. Don't put timelines or expectations on things. Sometimes timelines can work, as you saw with your Ouija board, but it can lead to unmet expectations and then disbelief.

You are perfectly safe. The universe loves you. Don't fear truth. Be grateful the universe, or whatever, gave you such an incredible gift of knowledge. A glimpse into the true nature of our existence here. You had love.  And a beautiful son with a good man who loved you.

Some of us dont even get that far.  You didnt do as bad as you think.

As for the board and whatever it was that spoke, whatever.  It heard something from the grapevine and passed it along.

The problem with the board is that its like you are putting your address up on Facebook and any random person can come by to say “hi”.  Maybe its a good guy, maybe a bad one.

Eventually, you, like everyone else, is going to leave this world in a wooden box.  The only question you need to ask yourself is this, when you are in that box, are you going to be OK with the person you chose to be?

I think thats whats really important.  Not some special info about the future.

You have a good heart.  You have time.  

Do good. It's not "freaky", it's not "demonic". Spirit boards are tools just like Tarot and nothing PREDICTS the future. Every divination tool (or psychic abilities) ONLY show POSSIBLE outcomes if the energy doesn't change.

If you use a board, make sure you open and close properly. Not everything has to be something negative You asked questions and got correct answers 

Nothing harmed you in anyway 

This was probably just your spirit guides 
Or something similar

I've had a voice in my head give me information about the future once

It also talks to me sometimes when I'm very sleepy

It only ever says nice encouraging things 

I believe there is way more good in this universe than there is evil Why do you think it has to be some entity with an individual personality? Why are you so attached to the idea that it was negative? Why do you believe it had anything to do with the things that happened in your life? It's good that you want to know how you got the answers. If you're really interested, you should keep asking and searching for truth. But don't get hung up on ghosts and demons, that's lame. It was probably Zulu. A spirit of the wind, he comes often first when people play with Ouija board. Of course spirits know the future since the they wander in a plane where time and space are shifted by 90 degree. However they dont always tell the truth.

In certain african tribes for example the people dance until they are in a trance and leave their body. Then spirits come in and tell all sorts of stuff and rumors. The people sitting around are mostly amused and use it as a form of entertainment. 

So it is nothing to fear. You should just be very clear to the spirit and command him to leave. 
In case you cant find the authority you can go to a professional. But it seems like the spirit already left.

I wouldnt call the board again if you dont want to get ‚played‘ again. It doesn’t seem like anything “evil” attached itself to you!  In fact it answered your questions truthfully and in a way warned you.  I’m sure you love your son dearly and he probably is still the most important man in your life .  I have never done a Ouija board.  Can you do it by yourself?  Just relax and let it move your hands.  I’d be interested to know what happens.  What questions would you ask?  Thx for sharing your experience! Your story resonated with me. If you like, we can discuss working on a Ouija board together.

I've already shared this story here on reddit:
I'm as skeptic as you. Once I was experimenting the Ouija board to see if it's our subconscious moving the planchette or there's an entity out there.

To rule out the subconscious move, known as ideomotor effect, I designed an experiment. I asked someone to put two letters of her choice in two different jars. 

Then just when it was getting spooky, I asked the board to reveal those two letters for me (I didn't know myself). And I was the only one moving the planchette. To my surprise, both letters turned out to be true. That's a probability of 1:992 in my language. I continued chatting, asking him if he needs some help. He says yes, spelling 'my corpse'. Now I was pretty sure this couldn't be my subconscious. He then revealed his first and last name. I couldn't validate it in the real world tho. But I can remember my friend and I were really moved by all this. And we still consider this as our most evidential of paranormal activity, if it exists. I agree with everyone...I feel its your higher self or future self.  There really no good or bad...its just our mind categorizing it.  You don't need another ouija session...look within and you'll find the answers. If you do try it yourself I suggest ask questions about how to improve your life.  For example if you are single and desire a partner ask will I meet a kind gentle partner?  Or how will I meet …?  Have a conversation type dialogue I want/desire to do what I’m born to do what is that?  Where do I start?

Don’t ask negatives only positives -

Seems that the answers you received in the past came from a place of love for you not evil I feel it was a female relative you contacted .. the point you said are you sure you don't mean quintin and it shaked/pushed forcefully and confirmed quincy - that feels like a matronly telling off - as in "No child, Listen to what I'm saying!"

I feel like it was a female relative who protects you from negative spirits hence why she got to that ouija board first and not a negative spirit.

Bad things happen to us all and it's a shift of perspective you need .. they were lessons, to help you grow & evolve. [removed] > What exactly did we contact? 

How are we supposed to know? Since the beggining you describe yourself as a troubled teenager. Not once mention looking for treatment to your early days issues. Nothing is attached to you, choices and consequences, this is all I´ve read in this situation, Do it again I say. No regrets. Keep us posted. I would gladly do it with you if I could! Maybe try a psychic medium? Those boards are freaky I would not recommend doing it again. It sounds like the spirit you contacted was not baneful however that’s lucky. Possibly could have been your guide or a passed loved one that stays nearby you. Edit- a psychic medium in your local area with good reviews. I don’t recommend going to someone random online. Also ignore the fear mongering in this thread. I'm a Certified Intuitive Life Coach, psychic, and Tarot Reader. I've practiced Witchcraft since 1998 as well. I would suggest seeing a medium or a psychic reader that you’ve thoroughly vetted and seen reviews on before using a ouija board again. They say they’re portals and invite negative entities in. Go see a Reiki master. You should submit this to Robert welsh's ghost stories and makeup segment on youtube! I’m sorry that happened to you. Hopefully that place is shit down now. 

You’ve got a lot of answers to sift through. Fact is Ouija boards don’t work the way most people think. If they were being moved by a ghost or demon or whatever why would they need you to touch them?

Ouija boards work through ideomotor effect. Which is to say your subconscious is making small movements in your muscles without your conscious mind realizing it. The only thing Ouija boards open you up to is your own mind and whatever psychic abilities you may have. 

It does sound like you connected with your higher self or whatever you want to call it. Likely it was trying to warn you about your path. But teenagers gonna teenage. 

Hopefully you can find a way to forgive yourself. People rarely hold grudges after death, so most likely Quentin has already forgiven you. Especially if you feel like he is still around. Hello. I am Native American and avid participant in our ceremonies. My elders would agree that you opened a portal for something negative to attach to you. Practice prayer everyday, the way you know how to pray, and you will be fine. 

Stay away from ouiji boards, tarot cards, and other ritualistic behavior that is coming out of this new-age movement. People who play around with these tools are all a bunch of wanna-be shamans. Spiritually, they're amateurs. 

I also notice you have some witches commenting in your post. Ignore them. Spiritually, they are corrupt. In the higher dimensions, there is no “time.”  Everything is happening in the eternal now. When spirit guides and psychics accurately predict the future, they are simply tuning into this energy. Of course, we do have free will and can change the course of the future.  At the time of your Ouija Board reading, it had become highly probable that you would go to Utah even if you didn’t know it. As far as people who come into our lives, often this is agreed to prior to birth. 

You probably channeled either your higher self or a spirit guide who could see what was coming your way.  Sanaya Roman, the famous spiritual author who channeled Orin, started with a Ouija Board.  It’s nothing to be alarmed about. I think you are making this a much bigger deal than it is. I have a story that may shock you, as it is very similar to this story of yours- but it is not my own, it is my grandma’s story. 

One day, back when she was 16 her and her friend decided to buy a ouija board and use it for fun. They started asking typical young girl questions like “where will I be in the future?” My grandma said when it was her turn to ask questions, the only thing she really wanted to ask was, “who will I marry in the future?” And the answer she got back was “Perry”. At the time, she said that she and her friend did not know a Perry. When she asked more, like when she’d meet him, or where, and it got even more specific. “School” and “18”. 

After getting unsettled, they put it away. For days afterwards where the Ouija board was, in her closet, a knock would be heard at night. She got creeped out, and moved it outside by the back door- but it got WORSE. The doorbell would be rang every night. So, she got rid of it completely. 

A few years later, she met my grandpa whose name is Perry, at the age of 18 (he was 17) while working in the school’s library as she had graduated early. She doesn’t know who she contacted, but she knows it was something. My moms friend had their future predicted. The ouiji board told him to stay clear of alleyways. I don't know how the story went exactly but the jist is, he ended up taking a short cut down an alleyway and someone tried to mug him and he got stabbed in the leg, just inches from the artery. But he didn't believe in that stuff so he just dismissed it until it happened. Now he makes customized ouiji boards for mediums but idk how I feel about having one in my house. They are a portal, using them or not. Would not suggest messing with Ouija boards again. They can act as a portal to let in all kinds of stuff. 

In short, entities exist. They can see the different energetic time lines and the one you're most likely to follow. You only asked for a prediction 6 months and 5 years in advance. That would be pretty easy for an entity to accurately see. That said, wouldn't rely on them for future predictions. You could change paths, they could misunderstand the future they're seeing, or some of them will lie to you for funsies. Being invisible doesn't make them infallible. Trust them as much as you'd trust a random redditor replying to your post. 

Something could have potentially attached to you, but I doubt this one did. Sometimes they enjoy the aw factor and will communicate just to make you go "wow!" other times they're just passersbys who wanna chat. Sometimes they may be guides or people you knew. 

If it feels like your man is still around, he probably is. My friend passed in 2017. He still hangs around his mom or comes by to see me if I begin talking about him. Think he wants to wait around until his mom passes so he can greet her. If you want to talk to him, just do so. Like you already do. Ask for a sign from him or ask how he'd like to communicate. Talk to him before a meditation, then see what comes through. Or if you prefer dreams, you could ask for that instead.

Hope it is okay that I answered bluntly. You're free to believe or not believe whatever you choose, but based on my understanding and experiences, that would be my answers to your questions. :) How about this - how about there is a realm / dimension on the other side...... and the universe or spirit or something communicated with you ... and in a way by this communication it kind of answers your questions .... there is a whole something / universe out there that we have no comprehension about ...... we live on a planet that spins in a galaxy with a sun and water that establish life as we know it - with patterns and cycles... is birth and death absolutely mind boggling and love - the ability to love so deeply it hurts ..... your husband will know you are sorry for the things you regret between you both and I bet he can hear you speaking to him .... I don’t have the answers but I’m going to trust that there is soo much more than we can even begin to understand.... I was raised catholic / my mum warned as that we were banished from anything Ouija. It was a No No ....  I hope you find the answers you are looking for .....  your story brings me comfort that there is more something unexplainable... that bored gave you answers to your future. I used to be atheist and think when your dead your dead ....but I prefer to rest in the comfort of the universe ... till we meet our loved ones that have passed again on the other side - whatever that other side is ... To the Universe May it keep us questioning everything ... Next time, ask it about the wining numbers of any lottery. Ouija boards are no more good or evil than any other tool, they are simply a tool. However, what they *do* is create a general "All Call" sort of beacon. And the things that tend to answer those are very low level, relatively weak discarnate entities. They can do some spooky shit, make you question reality, but that's about all. The King Of Hell isn't going to answer a Ouija Board call. Neither is any main Deity. 

Some trickster decided you looked like fun to play with and did so. That's all. Give us an update if you decide to use a board again and any outcome that occurs. Just answering your question in the topic since this is pretty long: as Einstein said: time doesn’t actually exist. It’s an illusion. And every mystic, NDE, etc agrees with him. Bashar explains that the past and present happen along with the present all at the same time. I believe this is how we can access our “future”. I dream my future somewhat often. All I’m actually doing is dipping into the reality/dimension where my future for THAT moment is taking place. It’s like peeking behind the curtain. As far as who told you that- well only negative entities use those boards. That’s why it’s heavily suggested people don’t mess with them. You wanna connect to higher realms? Stick to Tarot or pendulum I'll give more info. later when/if I can. I completely understand, I've been through ODD & HORRIFIC Abuse (fir ke it's been my *WHOLE Life* =-(! Since birth till about 2015, when I turned 34) also & have gotten warnings before, during & after events/people doing crap. 
I'm a "Channeler" as I like to call it now; it's only recently that I have learned this. I'm EXTREMELY Spiritualy Sensitive & have been getting messages my whole life. I do have to admit, I feel extremely dirty & like an old used kitchen sponge, just filty & beat up, but I have felt like this since I was a YOUNG Child. 
But I'm basically a human Ouiji Board, sadly & terribly. =***-(!!!
(I should probably admit hete though that, I've never had access to or played w/a Ouiji Board so there's no connection there, but I still understand.)

As for trying to get answers I suggest trying a Pendulum, Meditation, or even if more Brave (which you clearly are) or desperate, you can TRY an "Angel Board", heck you can even make your own. 
Just take a *WHITE* Board, or peice of cardboard & paint it white. The main point is to have a White surface (Or Gold, some people like gold which supposedly summons Angels of Healing. All that matters is that it's any color but Black. Even Grey and DARK Colors are NOT okay, the brighter & happier the better, as of late usually.) 
Heck you can even use a peice of printer paper, anything white & write on it in a *"Happy"* Color; something that makes you feel happy or lifts your spirits when you see that color. If you don't have a color (or colors) like that then don't worry about it.
Write out all the Letters, Numbers, Yes/No/Maybe, Year, Birthdate/Age, Person, Angel, etc. & any connecting words, And, But, So, The, etc. Just to facilitate & make easier & quicker the process.
Then cut out a shape, any shape with a hole in the middle, or use a magnifying glass, anything to clearly denote that this letter/word is being picked.
Them use it on your own.
If you really get in the zone you will physically feel another "person" playing/moving the thing with you.
You DON'T need another person to use this kind of a board, at all. 
Oh! Before I forget! **Make Sure To Label The Board, "Angel Board" or "Truth Board" or even with your name, "[My Name] Board" so that nothing **YOU** don't want touching it gets bear it! This can be very important. But whatever you do, do NOT put the name Ouiji on it, or anything else Evil/Dark/Satanic, just fir safety sake.**

Also, before doing a session I'd suggest drawing a circle of protection with a Cross & White Sage, or Lavendar, even Pine Needles can be okay, just something that has been known to be cleansing & protecting. Rosemary & Kosher Salt seems to be the best, or it can be. (Especially if you're not into smoke cleansing.) =-)! 



And as for an evil following you your whole life ... I donno. I have wondered the same thing.
My parents are EVIL & have used me in ... what I KNOW were Satanic Rituals, my brother too.
It has been HORRIBLE.
& I'm now trapped in a haunted house. 
As for it following you, messing up your life; I donno. I hope not. (I've wondered that about myself, till stuff went SO Terrible that it didn't matter anymore. =-(! ) 
Maybe if you do what I suggested, creating this New CLEAN Board you can get rid of, cleanse, even get more accurate answers to questions you have now.
If you do end up doing this **please let me know how it goes,** I would very much *HOPE* that this new board would heal & fix, even make better the life you currently have. I'm hoping big time that my suggestions can help.

Also, I am wondering if you don't mind me asking, did you ever reconnect with your parents? Did they ever accept your husband? What happened with them? Did they just ... dissolve? Become a mess? Did the marriage break up?  I am worried that whatever you let in was essentially "living" in the house after you did that Board thing.
And Evil/Dark entitles LOVE, "Excitement" as in they SEEM to "Suckle" off of Tension, Anger (the MOST & BEST. Overall they seem to like anger more than anything else) Fear, Sadness, etc. Even confusion & frustration is more "enjoyable" to them than, "boring nothings wrong, the humans are fine" everyday stuff; it *Seems*. (Or at least that's what people have noticed & complained about. =-(! ) 
And all those horrible emotions were created in spades when you were tossed out.
=-(! 
& even more so, obviously, when you (& I commend you for this. I *KNOW* you made the *RIGHT* Decision) ran away a few weeks after being returned home. 
So yeah, there was plenty to feed on in your household & that would have made it easy to really tear apart the rest of your family members.
...
I just realized, I don't want to make you feel guilty, you didn't know what you were dealing with, it wasn't your fault. Not at all! Infact, one of the first things I suspected when I read your post was that, what happened to you was going to happen anyway. It was just possibly sooner & more violent then it would have been. 
And when there's already tension, or "cracks in a family" (I don't know why I'm thinking of it like that) but when stuff is going on it's kinda like packing a bomb, enough pressure & it's gonna blow & I very much suspect that whatever was let in, was the ignition in a house ready to explode, so to speak.
So it was in good part already set up to melt down & there was not much, if anything, that could have been done to stop it.
So please don't feel guilty, even despite what I said here.

Anyway, I gotta cut this off, it's 1a.m. for me & this has been extremely long. 
I hope I was able to help & I hope your able to answer my questions I have here.
And if you actually get around to making your own "Angel Board" then let me know, I'd very much like to know if it helps & fixes things or gets you the answers you have been needing & wanting. =-)! 

Thanks for reading this whole thing if you do, and thank you for posting your truth/story, it was amazingly fascinating! =-)! *Two Thumbs Up!* =-)! I did the ouija board as a junior in high school 

With a bunch of friends

We contacted “Lucifer” and mocked him
thinking it was fake 

He told each of us where we would go to college 

At the time it seemed silly (said I would go to Ivy League when I was bottom of my class - the #1 guy in my class who wanted to go to Yale was told he would go to U of Vermont… he was pissed by that reply…)

A year later - all 12 predictions became true 

He went to Vermont and LOVED IT …

I went to U Penn (and hated it LOL)

Anyway - after that we asked for proof it was lucifer then and there 

It said “front porch”

That was 3am in New Jersey shore in late may

(No one around then)

We go to front porch…

Want to know what happened next?

/// I used to have dreams like that. It was during a time I was very unhappy with where I was in life. I changed my fate and now I don't have them anymore,  my dreams have become very exotic.  I personally feel imagination is very important and our subconscious let's us know in ways like this that we need to work on it It's possible to be in a time where you are experiencing more synchronicity than usual and it reflects in your dreams Sounds like the story of my life. I'm thinking you're psychic ability is mainly clairvoyant. You may have others, but clairvoyance is the strongest.

If I were you, I would journal the dreams when you first get up or try to paint them, after a while, you'll understand what the symbolism personally means for you.

For example, for me anytime I dream of zombies there's an illness around me spreading. If I get bit in the dream, I almost always get sick.

Hope this helps. This is so interesting!

Were there any significantly different outcomes in your dreams vs reality based on such minor changes? I've always wondered this - how multiple timelines would play out if I took different (minor) decisions Sounds like typical dreams job no ? Help your brain to process the day I used to do this. Not just one detail, but many. My psychologist told me it was anxiety related. I still have them, but not as often Just came here to tell you that I love your username Happens to me, especially if I go to bed without drinking water or when I was younger and drinking in college and dehydrated. Usually they are off by one detail (example: would be with a friend that is a female but the wrong person but same situation as the dream - like I was on the wrong radio station and off by one channel getting some of the story but not the whole thing - wrong frequency). Never winning lotto numbers but very interesting making me rethink what I originally thought about life in general. I enjoy it and text my husband my dreams in the morning to see which ones come true. Most do. Yes, I feel like a lot of people experience this. In fact, it’s probably why so many people forget their dreams, they just dream about things they’d do anyway - or mundane things that feel so real when you wake up it feels like a memory, not a dream. 

I don’t have an explanation to this, but remember time isn’t linear so I wouldn’t be surprised if it’s just you experiencing these things through the flexibility of time. OMG this has happened to me all throughout my life and never knew anyone else who remembered the dream! It's always something mundane, like you said. A seemingly random moment in time. I did predict a breakup, and even told my ex about the dream when I had it. I saw my current home before I moved in, and was dating someone else I hadnt met yet. The dream happened in 2018 or 2019, and the deja vu about 2 months ago. Yes! I have deja vu in the dream. And then later experience the moment and realize I dreamed it. 

It’s been a while since that’s happened. Yes. I have had many times. I specifically remember trips that I took where I realize I have seen the place before. One had a green valley, one had a church and some businesses, and the best was in the smoky mountains, as I came around the corner on the highway.

But the spookiest was when I woke up from an afternoon nap and was in a strange room and walked toward the bathroom and saw someone in the mirror that wasn’t myself. They were was dark, with a square jaw. I didn’t recognize them. 

It turned out I had not walkened at all but was in a dream. Years later my home was different and it was the room I had dreamed of. And when I got out of bed one morning and looked in the mirror, I recognized that the person I saw was the same one I saw in that dream. I hadn’t realize this until that moment.

I love it when strange things happen. This has happened to me a few times now and it makes me wonder if it is because we've already experienced it and are remembering what has happened. This realisation happened to me when I experienced non linear time a few years back whilst in Amsterdam. Its almost as though time appears linear but maybe its not.  

I've dreamt of specific moments and places and it's at the start of that realisation that you've experienced it everything falls into place like to like but its only a few seconds prior to it all happening. This happened to me twice. I woke up and immediately lived the dream I just had. It was crazy specific though. Without getting to into details, one was about a new m&m flavor and the second was same people same convo in my kitchen. All the time. Lately, it's been really strong. And frequent. And it literally feels like I'm being yanked sideways. The whole world shifts beneath my feet with some Yes. Very frequently. And there are two 'me', both in the dream and in the waking world when it happens. Both of 'me' will have separate thoughts. One time the 'me' in the future even told the 'me' in the dream to be quiet becuase I would understand better when it happened!

I saw another poster mentioned it happens within two months for them. For me it can happen within two days, two weeks, two months, or two years. Somehow it is always connected to a two. Sometimes even in month two, or on a day with a two in it, like the 22nd of a month. Which when you look at numerology kinda makes sense. It is usually when mundane things are happening at that moment, but something is about to change in my life. So I've thought of it as a call to pay attention when that moment happens and expect something to shift in my life. Like it's an alarm clock going off to wake me up. Or an alert message. I've had that happen a lot. Which makes me scared to dream tbh lol. Because if I remember a dream, something in it has meaning or will happen. I have this ability too..its completely random and I'd love to learn how to hone in on it I have dreams like this, but mine usually mean death. It runs in my family. I just posted about it, but my mother had a dream about my cousin a week before he died. My younger sister predicted Betty White, I predicted Alan Rickman, my mom predicted any Winehouse too. We also seem to be tuned into eachother; ex. I've asked my mom questions about things that happened a decade ago when she was literally just thinking about it for the first time in awhile. It's super freaky; It's nice knowing other people also experience it. It's not you, specifically. Not all psychics jibe with all clients, so he and mom had a better connection is all. 

If you want to find a psychic you really vibe with, keep looking. As a phychic I hate doing it for people it feel odd to have something come in you head and tell that person especially if there tight lipped. Straight out most of the time I'm reading what that person is projecting to me like there thoughs are mine, even if there not willing and deliberately holding a poker face I get things but I hate talking to them about it feeling judgement, it's makes it harder, that's probably why he wanted validation. Does this sound right too what you went through where you holding things back wanting them to prove themselves. Honestly I don't blame you I have spoken the other phycics at crystal shops, they call themselves phycics but need tarot cards I get flashes of colours Amber and yellow that mean there not telling the truth, so why they may read card every part of me screams they don't have my gifts and the fact when I talk to them there shocked taken back all all they can say is I sense you have ment spirit around you and have a strong gift is a face plam from me.
Anyway for the most I'd say they where reading you, future is in constant flux, I may have seen my friends death but I seen heath issues in another friend that never passed as we decided to be proactive heath wise that changed it, I have seen my own paths and tried to force it causing bigger issues. The future is honestly something I don't believe a phycic can read clearly maybe a little but not hard certain, change etc is pretty straight forward there things that happen regardless and you can get a idea on relationships happening etc but honestly if that person is working on that it's a easy read and let's be honest who not always working on that in one or not. On a side not I always feel my body Brian wazes are more open to spirts the energy waves, so In that I feel depending on a person brain waves maybe that's why it's easyer to read some people that others maybe some are closer to that frequency. But that's the Analytics scientific side of me trying to work out why I'm different Meditation apps are getting more popular so I’d suggest you do an online search for those and see which ones appeal. Read the descriptions and reviews, and see if you feel drawn to any. Most of them also have a few free meditations to try so you can see if it’s your thing before paying a subscription or buying any downloads. 

Another place to explore is of course YouTube but you’ll even find some on Instagram and Facebook pages too. This is one of the oldest scams around - some sort of trouble with your love life that your ‘psychic’ can fix/remove - for a fee of course…..

No, she’s not accurate at all. You’re just going through a bit of a rough patch. Walk away & keep your money in your pocket. did she offer more readings or a price to undo it or something in my personal opinion, no one can put a spell on you unless you let them. you have control over what does and doesn't happen to you. if you believe there is a spell on you then there is a spell if that makes sense. (if you need me to explain more i can!) We all can , it's always within us ..just practice..start with mediation and try tarot readings..try with yourself then others , journal dreams ...

Edit- u can practice with pendulum too > What makes some more receptive to psychic abilities than others?

Tendency to actually listen I think being interested in spirituality and having an open mind helps considerably. Some people just don’t believe at all and think it’s all nonsense which is fine but if they aren’t receptive to psychic abilities it’s not going to happen for them. Most of the time that is the case at least, there are exceptions. Usually after something that was out of their control like a near death experience or unintentional astral projection, seeing a spirit etc can change people’s outlook. Personally, I think I unconsciously blocked a lot of my abilities for most of my adult life due to being an unhealthy empath and suffering abusive trauma. A couple years ago, I started experiencing an intense spiritual awakening and my psychic abilities exploded as a part of that. I had to come up to speed very quickly not only with accepting that I had abilities but also learning how they worked and how to work with them and set up healthy energetic boundaries. I think people with abilities are born that way, but that our life experiences can cause us to either consciously or unconsciously block them. For me, meditation has helped IMMENSELY. I had to learn to know what my own energy felt like so that I could start to differentiate it from energy that comes from outside myself and learn to not get so overwhelmed by energy that's not my own. Also, once I accepted that this is a thing that happens to me, I started really paying attention to messages that I get from gut feelings, spirit guides, etc. I started noticing more and more things that in the past I either wouldn't have noticed at all or would have blown off as coincidence. Once I started paying attention, I started appreciating how spirit is constantly broadcasting and how all you have to do is turn on your radio. 

I feel that my daughter has some gifts... she is am empath and she and I seem to be very psychically connected. Call me crazy(I have schizoaffective disorder) but while I think every single person has psychic ability, I feel anyone who might fall on the neurodivergent spectrum are particularly inclined. Clean body, spring water. No man made food or medicine  chemicals. Crystals, crystals, and more crystals.
Nothing accelerates us like spending time with the energy masters.

All these practices help, but most of all inviting  to be a channel and serve the light. Personally I think it's the way the receptors in the brain work, I think of it as energy and like radio waves, I feel my brain is on a more wide spectrum and that's why I can read people and entities. With age my eyes are going and I don't see spirits as easy as I use too, eyes work on light waves entering them also I feel mine where better able too see energy that other could not but with them failing I'm losing that.
I did not think people could learn but I changed my mind some since remote viewer can learn so I feel maybe you can train yourself to tune in to the energy to do these things. Wear gemstone as per your moon sign, 
Vegetarian diet,
Chanting mantra or meditation with incense focusing upon deity..
Listening to binaural beats like 639hz ,936hz..
Channelizing your sexual energy with various yoga techniques.. I can see auras too but for most people they seem kinda thin or worn down. I don’t see shapes though unless I’m mediating in my head and then I’ll sometimes see patterns or shapes That's great !!! Where do you guys live. I would pay money for someone to check mine! You missed one. People who don’t realize they have these abilities.

Everybody has abilities. Lots of people just don’t know it and won’t develop them Some pretend so that they may fit in here, for reasons of their own. 

Some are only here to observe. Our problems are not their problems.

Some are really what they seem and cannot tell you otherwise.

Then a small minority are here to develop themselves, to help, to pay their debts forward.

If someone crosses your path, you have a choice to make. Help them? Ignore them? Acknowledge them? Say hello to them?  There is no one right behavior that fits everyone. This is where we tend to be blinded by our own light.

Comparison is the thief of joy. This is especially true in sensitive groups, so delay judgement. Or as Ted Lasso says; Be curious; not judgmental. If you truly want to heighten your awareness take what you know and go live in nature for a couple of weeks. Take tools, shelter, and water, but no food. The food you have to be able to get yourself, or know what it feels like to starve. Meditate, focus on pure alignment of your spirit and nature. Nature starts to talk back after awhile. What is 4d or 5d living? What differences are there to 3d? Maybe I didn´t understand the point of your post... Everyone is an average person, in my eyes at least. Spirituality and beliefs are a highly personal choice. No one is forced to be believe anything in a free culture and not all cutures allow people to be free. Imo, it´s wrong to impose any subject that is my focus and belief system on others. The 'legitimate' resources are the ones that work for you. Psychics are not all the same. We came in this lifetime with different strengths and plans. One common piece of advice that is often very useful is to begin "with what resonates with you". What does that mean?

You every seen someone on the other side of the street and had this strong desire to walk across to them and say hello? That's resonance. The opposite affect is called dissonance. You see them coming and you want to run away.

Books, websites, youtube videos, in person seminars, each have a distinct vibration. Some of those will resonate with you. You can walk into a New Age bookstore, run your hand along the spines of the books on a shelf until you feel like stopping, then take out that book and just hold it in your hand. How does it feel. What does it make you think about. Does it resonate with you.

In the meantime, you can practice the following. It will enhance your ability to feel that energy in the books, or any other energy and place.

Try this. Sit in a chair. Close your eyes. Take a deep breath. Feet flat on the floor. Hands separated and resting palms up on each thigh.

Create a grounding cord. This is a line of energy that connects your first chakra to the center of the planet. Your first chakra is a ball of energy about the size of a quarter that sits just in front of the base of your spine. Your grounding cord attaches to the bottom of that ball of energy.

Grounding makes your body feel safe, so you release energy more easily. Gravity pulls whatever you release, even your own energy, down to the center of the planet. No effort on your part. The center of the planet neutralizes the energy and returns it to whoever owns it. No karma for anyone. A virtuous cycle.

Nearly everyone goes to connect to the center of the planet the first time but stops at the soil, often making roots like a tree. This is a method that is taught in some martial arts styles, but it is not the best option for your spiritual development and healing.

So, notice the seat of your chair. Take a deep breath. Notice the distance between the seat and the floor. Now notice the distance between the floor and the soil below. Breathe.

Now notice the distance between the soil and the water table underneath. Notice the distance between the water table and the rocky mantle. Notice the distance between the mantle and the molten core below that. Deep breath.

Notice the distance between the molten core and the center of the planet. That ball of light at the very center of the planet is where you connect your grounding cord. Deep breath.

Say hello to the center of the planet. Do you get a hello back?

Notice the color and texture of your grounding cord. It may look like a line of energy, or look like something physical; a rope, a wire, a pipe, a tree trunk. Adjust it as needed to be in affinity with your body.

Getting this far means you've already released some energy from your aura and body. Now it is time to fill in the space that was created.

Create a gold sun over your head. Have it call back all of your energy from wherever you left it throughout your day and week. Work. School. Online meetings. Video games. Your fantasies about your future. Your regrets about your past. Wherever you've placed your attention. Just watch the energy come back and see if you notice where it came from.

Have the sun burn up and neutralize your energy. Then bring the sun into the top of your head. It will automatically flow into the spaces you created. Create a gauge to measure when you're full. Like a fuel gauge or oil gauge. You'll run better if you aren't a few quarts low on spiritual oil. If the gauge doesn't read "Full", bring in another gold sun.

Open your eyes, bend over and touch the floor, draining any tension from the back of your neck, then stand up, and stretch.

There is a progression with this technique. After grounding for ten minutes a day for a week or two, notice your grounding cord at the very end, while you're standing with your eyes open. Continue to ground with your eyes open and standing, and bring in another gold sun. Each day, increase the amount of time that you ground standing up with your eyes open.

After a week or two practicing this, add walking while grounded. Just notice your grounding cord as you walk. Say hello to the center of the planet while you walk. Bring in a gold sun while you walk.  If you lose your grounding cord, stop walking and recover it. If you have to, sit back down and close your eyes and create a new grounding cord.

After this, you're ready to take your grounding cord with you into your daily life. Shopping. Getting coffee. Wherever you go, you can ground. This, combined with a little amusement about seeing new things on an energy level, will keep you safe and sound.

Now that you're here, at the end of your grounding meditations, create a gold sun over your head. This time, fill it with your highest creative essence, your present time growth vibration, and your affinity for yourself. The first energy is a healing for you. The second is a healing for your body. The third is a healing for your affinity in your fourth chakra.

Bend over and touch the floor. Stand up and stretch. If you're ready for more, sit back down and ground some more. Otherwise, have a nice day!

Note that every image you imagine, the gold sun, the grounding cord, the center of the planet, your first chakra, your body parts, is exercising your clairvoyance. You may be imagining what your tailbone looks like, but you're also creating the image of your tailbone and reading its energy. This is practicing your clairvoyant ability. Using a pendulum you have to be in a neutral state. You can’t have expectations. Because your thoughts are really creating the movement. If you’re overthinking it or trying to “test” the pendulum, it creates dissonance and won’t give you a true answer. This is just what I’ve learned from my own experience though. I’m on a break from using my pendulum bc I had too much dissonance in my being (life circumstances, anxiety, depression) and it was giving me skewed results. I have had issues with pendulum work in the past. A few "pointers" (pun intended).

1. Energetically cleanse your pendulum often. There are many ways to do this, I cleanse mine in the moonlight and the smoke from incense but every pendulum is different.

2. Energetically cleanse your space regularly however you normally would.

3. As mentioned by another comment, be sure you are in a neutral frame of mind (answer doesn't matter)

4. Ask your pendulum if you or it needs a break... this happens.

5. Be sure that you aren't trusting your tools over your own intuition.

&#x200B;

I think the biggest obstacle to getting consistently right answers is placing too much responsibility on the pendulum. It's just a "thing on a string," you are the power that makes it work.

I hope this is helpful for you. Cleanse it by burying it on the earth/soil overnight. This works like magic ;) The way I see it is, the knowledge isn't in the pendulum, it's in ourselves. Call it energy or vibrations or whatever you please, but the answers I get from my pendulum come from deep inside myself. The pendulum is just a shortcut for going deep. Once you have established the meanings of different movements, don't mess around with your questions, because you are messing around with yourself. That's incredible and it does sound like you've been given a gift. You're probably in shock now qnd taking it all in. Honestly I see this loop pattern as means of connecting with you. That there is a cycle with concepts, ideas, events etc that are being stuck on replay almost as if you "missed" them so it's like a ok let's start again kind of thing. But with the last part with the paralysis I get the indication that it is almost as if there is a lag between the connections due to the vividness of the dream state, that it is as though your body takes a bit to get back into a fluid state in the current. Almost as if it is catching up with the fact that you became aware but you haven't settled into your body in the current connection state that its as though there is a lag. If that makes any sense. If you message me I can describe what works for me when that happens. I also think with this specific phenomenon you would get more help posting in r/mediums Something like this happened to me last night. It was like a dream within several dreams. Sleep paralysis. Your body freezes your muscles when you sleep so you don’t sleepwalk; some folks (like my dad) also have awoken before it wears off (and y’all can’t move for a spell) I don't really know what you mean by "timing" & "dining", but high pitched ringing in one or both of your ears sounds exactly like clairaudient communication. As long as you know it's not tinnitus or some other medical thing, you should take note of which ear you hear it with, how high the pitch was, and what you were doing at the time. There are plenty of videos you can use to find explanations, but I'm sure someone else will type it all in a comment too. I have observed this, but I brushed it off I have this!! Everyone I've mentioned this to just says its Dejavu and my brain tricking me, but I genuinely dream of things and then days later, maybe even a week or 2, that exact thing happens and I get this weird feeling pass through me. I have super vivid dreams at times and often remember details or even the whole dream including bizarre transitions when I wake up.

Example: I recently dreamt of me and my parents sat in a cafe talking about a particular thing and sat in a particular configuration. The next weekend I go for coffee with my parents and don't really notice until the exact same words and phrases are said, the same hand movements etc I have this as well and it's so crazy, it's been happening a lot more frequently. Everyone thinks I'm crazy but it's comforting knowing I'm not the only one. Mine is similar, I dream sometimes about the exact thing I’m going to do tomorrow, a little different to yours but similar but I think it’s coz I’m always thinking about my day ahead.

Sometimes it’s happened to me that what I’m doing I’ve already done the exact thing before and I’ve dreamt about it but I don’t fully remember. The opposite happens to me, I see snippets of the past. Small bits of memories from infancy through toddler age. When it first happened it was extremely disorienting when I woke up because I didn't know it was a resurfaced memory yet but knew the dream was "real" and was confused how I just went from being a year old to seventeen. 

I wonder if this is in any way related to what happens to you. Somehow you're picking up on your future memories... It's called deja reve. I've had it too. As you open up your awareness, it's useful to think of your body as an antennae array that's been idle for a long time, collecting dust, dead bugs, corrosion, bird shit; i.e. all the detritus of life.

Energy systems are energy systems. Power companies in some climates wash the insulators on their high power transmission lines. This prevents the lines shorting out catastrophically during the first rain after a dry spell. All that dust and dirt makes the rain conductive, and energy tends to follow the shortest path to the ground. Explosions and fires tend to follow.

So you have some housekeeping to do. When your antennas are clean, they don't short out when you open them up and some strong energy passes your way. 

Try this. Sit in a chair. Close your eyes. Take a deep breath. Feet flat on the floor. Hands separated and resting palms up on each thigh.

Create a grounding cord. This is a line of energy that connects your first chakra to the center of the planet. Your first chakra is a ball of energy about the size of a quarter that sits just in front of the base of your spine. Your grounding cord attaches to the bottom of that ball of energy.

Grounding makes your body feel safe, so you release energy more easily. Gravity pulls whatever you release, even your own energy, down to the center of the planet. No effort on your part. The center of the planet neutralizes the energy and returns it to whoever owns it. No karma for anyone. A virtuous cycle.

Nearly everyone goes to connect to the center of the planet the first time but stops at the soil, often making roots like a tree. This is a method that is taught in some martial arts styles, but it is not the best option for your spiritual development and healing.

So, notice the seat of your chair. Take a deep breath. Notice the distance between the seat and the floor. Now notice the distance between the floor and the soil below. Breathe.

Now notice the distance between the soil and the water table underneath. Notice the distance between the water table and the rocky mantle. Notice the distance between the mantle and the molten core below that. Deep breath.

Notice the distance between the molten core and the center of the planet. That ball of light at the very center of the planet is where you connect your grounding cord. Deep breath.

Say hello to the center of the planet. Do you get a hello back?

Notice the color and texture of your grounding cord. It may look like a line of energy, or look like something physical; a rope, a wire, a pipe, a tree trunk. Adjust it as needed to be in affinity with your body.

Getting this far means you've already released some energy from your aura and body. Now it is time to fill in the space that was created.

Create a gold sun over your head. Have it call back all of your energy from wherever you left it throughout your day and week. Work. School. Online meetings. Video games. Your fantasies about your future. Your regrets about your past. Wherever you've placed your attention. Just watch the energy come back and see if you notice where it came from.

Have the sun burn up and neutralize your energy. Then bring the sun into the top of your head. It will automatically flow into the spaces you created. Create a gauge to measure when you're full. Like a fuel gauge or oil gauge. You'll run better if you aren't a few quarts low on spiritual oil. If the gauge doesn't read "Full", bring in another gold sun.

Open your eyes, bend over and touch the floor, draining any tension from the back of your neck, then stand up, and stretch.

There is a progression with this technique. After grounding for ten minutes a day for a week or two, notice your grounding cord at the very end, while you're standing with your eyes open. Continue to ground with your eyes open and standing, and bring in another gold sun. Each day, increase the amount of time that you ground standing up with your eyes open.

After a week or two practicing this, add walking while grounded. Just notice your grounding cord as you walk. Say hello to the center of the planet while you walk. Bring in a gold sun while you walk.  If you lose your grounding cord, stop walking and recover it. If you have to, sit back down and close your eyes and create a new grounding cord.

After this, you're ready to take your grounding cord with you into your daily life. Shopping. Getting coffee. Wherever you go, you can ground. This, combined with a little amusement about seeing new things on an energy level, will keep you safe and sound.

Now that you're here, at the end of your grounding meditations, create a gold sun over your head. This time, fill it with your highest creative essence, your present time growth vibration, and your affinity for yourself. The first energy is a healing for you. The second is a healing for your body. The third is a healing for your affinity in your fourth chakra.

Bend over and touch the floor. Stand up and stretch. If you're ready for more, sit back down and ground some more. Otherwise, have a nice day!

Note that every image you imagine, the gold sun, the grounding cord, the center of the planet, your first chakra, your body parts, is exercising your clairvoyance. You may be imagining what your tailbone looks like, but you're also creating the image of your tailbone and reading its energy. This is practicing your clairvoyant ability. Ong! Clairsentience is my main channel and I didn’t realize how it wasn’t super normal to just have all these sensations all the time. In my opinion it really is dependent on your own relationship with spirit and your body. When this happens take a few breaths and turn inwards and feel the feeling and just allow the feeling to be without trying to understand it yet or explain it yet. Just for a a few seconds or however long u need to be calm and present in the moment with it. Notice what this feeling is- pain - hurt - grief - deep , shallow, loud, soft, happy sparkly tingling vibrations warm cold hot harsh calm smooth rough etc etc etc. then notice where in ur body this is happening. Our chakras hold different energetic experiences, so if ur feeling like a sword is going through ur stomach we can see that a violation has occurred in the solar plexus or the sacral. Understand what each chakra holds which information. Then just ask that sensation what it means. I’m always saying ask why and then ask why again and then again after each answer  keep asking. Ur body will tel you. You’re abilities and reception is using feeling as a conduit to communicate to you. Communication is often a two way street meaning we can ask questions too and we can direct answers as well. This will help u better understand your personal
Sensations and what they mean. Like you’ll start to understand that for you light tingling means it’s beautiful or it aligns and a hot feeling means it’s rejecting something etc or whatever actual language your body is using. You could even direct your body too! You could ask that your hands start to warm up if you’re correct or get cold if you’re wrong about something. Just hang out with ur vibrant magickal self and it will just prevent itself to u All I can really offer is how the energy feels... most times it's a subtle tingling sensation (sometimes it feels like it's in my bones.) Sometimes it's sharp and prickly.

Though a jabbing/stabbing sensation is concerning to me because assuming there's no underlying health problems causing it, I interpret it to an spiritual entity trying to latch on (it happened to me once and it hurt when it happened, it also caused a spasm in my back where it latched on, though the pain was very short-lived.) Idk ever since I started meditation I have tingling all over sometimes painful. Whatever, I think everyone is different. I have gotten tingling in my ears when I am supposed to listen to someone.  Tingling in my head when I have certain downloads/realizations similar to the feeling of when you get goosebumps listening to music.  Tiny little sharp pains when I am feeling “backstabbed” by someone’s energy. Eyes feeling sort of cold when I have realizations or “see” something.

I’d suggest keeping a running notes file on your phone and looking for patterns.

Eg- whatever you were thinking about, the sensation and where you felt it. It honestly just sounds like chronic pain, everyone feels pain in their body as they get older. But you might also be feeling other peoples pain. Now that you mention it I might have experienced something similar. 

I've always physically felt emotions, like anger feels like waves, low and kinda burns. Happiness is warm and fuzzy. But I can empathize with people's physical pain and sometimes do it unconsciously. I've had unexplainable pains/shifts happen and disappear as I'm talking or real close to people.

However, never rule out chronic pain as it can be a sign of something in your own body. I would just practice awareness, and ask questions about the sensations when they happen. "Why might I be feeling this? Is there someone around who could be causing this? Etc" You kind of sound like a medical intuitive. Some of us physically feel what the client is going through medically, others just know. If this is the case, grounding, clearing and cleansing your energy body can make a world of difference and great improvement. the only thing I've noticed lately that could be related to your question and I myself have searched to see what it means and can't really find an answer is..I have gotten like a dizzy light headed feeling while doing tarot and not all the time. The other thing lately is my left arm gets tingles and like the hairs on my arm stand on end. I never really had that before until recently. And I feel like it's when spirit is around or something. Anyone else ? You won’t really _know_ what it means without claircognizance. (It doesn’t mean you _don’t_ have it; if you get inexplicable _knowing_, you probably also have claircognizance as well).

You can, however, practice being aware and discerning of the various sensations, as well as practices that senses the energy that generates those sensations, and a shamanic exercise that personifies those sensations in a way where you can (temporarily) interact with it as if it were a person. (With the understanding that there is no absolute truth whether it really is a person or not) You might just be being oversensitive to physical things. Your body and cells are always feeling things. Sometimes they itch other times it's actual pain. Most often the mind ignores them. You might just be paying an overabundance of attention to these sensations. 

Especially if you don't meditate. Ain't no clair nothing if you don't sit. Just an over abundance of physical attention. While I experience all the clairs in varying degrees, clairsentience is definitely my dominant clair. What has helped me the most in learning to understand the messages I get is journaling. I write down what I feel and what happens that might be connected to it. This helps me keep track of details so I don't forget, and helps me see connections between things I may not otherwise have connected. Over time, I have seen some patterns emerge between certain sensations and certain events. Meditation has also been helpful in terms of learning how energy feels in my body and learning to tell my own normal energy vs. something that is coming from outside myself, so you may want to keep working with that, It definitely takes more than a few times to get any benefit out of it. They do, but what they mean, you have to discover by yourself, because your body is trying to let you know things, but each body has different ways to communicate with the spirit. My recommendation, as it is what has worked so far for me: become mindful of your inner being, observe your feelings, emotions, sensations and thoughts, and notice when they happen simultaneously, as it is a hint on what they may be trying to tell you. There are some archetypal ways of relating parts of the body to symbology and esoteric concepts, those work sometimes too, but exploring your own ways to communicating with your body is the best way to be able to understand what it tries to tell you. They don't for me. 


Except in the instance of telepathic communication. I feel a burning on my skull whenever someone "calls" me. And the location of the burning sensation does vary depending on who is communicating. Sometimes the sensations I get are literal and specific, sometimes they correspond to the chakras mine is a hot feeling on different parts of my legs sometimes near the ankle for a few seconds, started happening just last month and idk what it means or what to do with it [removed] Hi. Am looking to practice tarot readings on people as a beginner. To gain experienceand test my accuracy. PM me if interested. If I dont respond then I got too many msgs or its out of my time zone. Thanks ♡. Hi. I'm interested in doing a few short practice readings for free. I don't have time to do a ton, so I'll do this for the first 5 commenters. I do appreciate any feedback you can offer. Edit: Closed. Have a beautiful weekend everyone. Grounding and chakra work, also ask your spirit guides to block the connection. Lastly your own higher self can. Treat them as an intrusive thought and they'll lose all power. There is no entity that has more power in your own mind unless you're comprised by drugs or health conditions. How can you tell when it’s them talking too much and not just your imagination? I’m asking because I experience telepathy to a high degree as well myself and I’d like to know how to make this discernment. Idk about "chosen ones" exactly, but it depends of it's one of your active abilities, if it's not, you can still try, but it would be more challenging. 

This is an exciting time for humanity tho, and there are lots of people who will have crazy powers/abilities. There are already people that uses telekinesis/teleportation and so on, just because they don't flash it around doesn't mean they don't exist. They have to be wary, it isn't good to attract attention.

You have to completely set your mind to it, believe it, relearn it. You have to unlearn certain programming, do lots of meditations/visualizations and so on. [deleted] People don't start off good at science, they cultivate their scientific mind over years. Nobody starts off in life good at computers, they learn how to use them and cultivate that skill. We are all the same animal more or less. We have basically the same hardware starting out in life, it's just a matter of where you  decide to focus your attention. There are of course going to be outliers with natural talent but generally speaking I think tk can be cultivated. To me tk is easier than other "psi" stuff like remote viewing but I only say that because I just realized I could do tk last week and have no remote viewing experience. I believe anyone who is willing and committed can learn either skill. It’s a muscle but some people are more gifted because they’ve practiced it for centuries. I don’t know what muscle it is I think it’s near the back of the brain No, it’s not for “chosen ones”. It’s just like any other muscle in the sense that you have to put in a lot of effort -A LOT- before you go from slightly shaking an object to moving it slowly across the table to levitating it. It’s a function of intention and endurance of focus, and certainty but I can’t figure out how certainty matters, yet. Intention refers to the amount of energy you put out. Energy is the potential to do work, and the work the mind is able to do on matter expresses energy in the form of intention. The variables involved in one’s intention is the degree of focus and certainty, but I don’t yet understand what the exact action of the mind is that is required to  do telekinesis. I can tell intention, focus and certainty are important. 

It is not magic, so technically anyone can do it. However, summoning the energy and not becoming discouraged by the so-called impossibility is a huge psychological achievement. from a personal first hand experience, no. ain't no such thing as " chosen " ones. waste enough time and dedicate to spiritual practices, you'll be onto something. This is super common, it’s a form of precognition. Some days it’s psychic abilities, personally I believe everyone has it to some degree and it’s just more prominent in some people, kinda like gut feelings That’s crazy, did you ever think that the first person who commented on this thread would win the lotto? First, do not be scared of your powers. You have a gift. Also, do not think you are causing bad things to happen, you aren't. You are just seeing them before they happen.

Time does not work at all the way we are taught in school. Time is not a straight line, time is an infinite spiral that is constantly moving and shifting. Everyone has the ability to see things before they happen, that's why the term "déjà vu" exists. But for most people, it only happens once in awhile and is not an actual power they need to learn how to use and control so that it doesn't get in the way or overpower them.

With your gift, you will need to learn how your powers work, they will change as you get older and you will keep learning new things about yourself and your abilities. You will need to learn to control your powers so that it doesn't make you feel upset or panicked. 

Please start meditating. This is very important. I used to have the scariest panic attacks and they went away when I started meditating. Meditation will help you better understand your powers and be able to read signs and warnings easily. You will also be able to avoid feeling scared or overwhelmed by your visions. 

You should also carry a protective amulet with you at all times to help protect you when you are feeling overwhelmed and also keep away any negative energy, harmful spirits, energy vampires, etc. that love to mess with people who have psychic abilities and are doing spiritual work. With being psychic/on a spiritual path, comes psychic attacks, not just from other humans but various entities as well. Protection is key. A protective amulet can come in many forms and depends on your spiritual beliefs, culture, and personal preference. If you feel calm and protected when you handle this amulet, then it is the right one for you. Do not use something just because you think that's what you should use but you don't connect to it. You must connect to it and feel protected when you handle it.

I also recommend keeping a journal of all the messages you are receiving and what ended up happening in the material world after you received the messages. Write down as much detail as you can. Psychic visions are its own language and right now you need to learn how to interpret that language so that it can help you and not overwhelm you. The language will change a lot, but you will learn to understand the changes and shifts better with time and practice.

Your powers will be very useful, especially when trying to protect you and those close to you, which is the main benefit of having that ability. The one question that will really turn in your skill is wondering if you say something is it going to change the outcome?

Or the ole, am I creating this by thinking it twister?  The power of thoughts, reality creation. 

Then there is the I previewed my life before incarnating thought that creeps in.  Or the, did I dream this?  Or is this a dream?

Try to be gentle with yourself and don't panic.  Keep your thoughts focused on what you want to experience in your life.  That's usually the best advice in most situations. Synchronicity :)

you're on the right track; follow your heart :) Don't be afraid, it is just a part of who you are. Claim your power, but be responsible with it. There's lots of us who are the same, or similar. 

I recommend putting time aside each day to meditate. Draw healthy boundaries for yourself in both the physical and spiritual worlds. You're extra sensitive to both high and low vibes, so bouncing/neutralizing those low vibes is essential to your peace and happiness. There's lots of info out there.

Of course -- It's your choice whether you want to pursue the gifts or not. I used to see spirits as a kid. I blocked it. Then I used to get lots of precognition and synchronicity in my teens and early twenties. I blocked it. And now, I am back on the path again!

It can be put off... but to be honest, I don't think it's very healthy. I personally have not had a good time of it. I wish I had accepted myself sooner. But oh well -- live and learn, right?

Good luck to you friend - safe and happy travels on your spiritual journey. Take things slow, think positive+ and follow your passions. Everything will be revealed. Breathe and ground yourself. Are you learning any mysticism or spiritual information lately? Yeah this happens to me all the time Yes, you are going through a precognition awakening and there’s no need to be scared. It’s really not that unusual. This is your foray into your awakening so take the time to learn about it and more about yourself as you experience all of these events. It can be a bit overwhelming and intimidating so just be patient with yourself. There are a lot of ways for you to learn how to hone these skills and one is through meditation. Just know that you’ll be okay.
Best to you on your journey!🥰 Sounds like you have been gifted with precognition Happens to me often, it just means you are in tune with the universe :) I think all of those are common. Don't know your age, but through your life youll be more and less connected, so just enjoy. It will come and go Think about this friendly internet stranger having a positive turn of events please! I think you're getting these as a warning so that you can do something about the more serious and deadly ones, like praying for those people or doing spell work or some kind of protective something to prevent the accidents and deaths from happening It's one of two things - precognition or confirmation bias. Impossible for anyone else to tell you which, sadly. Unfortunately confirmation bias is a really big thing when people assume psychic phenomena are at play. For example 'I knew who was calling before I picked up the phone!' is super commonplace - but people are more likely to remember who they thought was calling if it proved true. Not saying the real deal can't happen, just that it's easy to think more is going on than there actually is.

Going forward, test it. If these thoughts were strong enough for you to have noticed them and remembered them, write down any thought that feels the same with a time and date, or mention it to a friend or family member (one that would be OK with weirdness!). Then write down if or when it happens IRL, and how close to the thought the event was, accuracy-wise. From your description, the events were similar or thematically related more often than they were exact, so it would be interesting to see how close things get. I think you’re experiencing synchronicity. 

https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Synchronicity

I personally don’t believe that people can tell the future, but instead you subconsciously observe clues that your brain subconsciously puts together and the only way to subconsciously communicate to you that something is going to happen is to have a song pop into your head. This is the way life is supposed to be. You’re on the right track, just pay attention to your thoughts and only let positive ones in No need to freak out, love! This is honestly a natural part of being human. Just take the information as it comes. With time and experience you will learn how to respond to the info that comes to you. I’m still learning as well. Frankly I have had this type of things happening before. Unfortunately we cant necessarily stop whats meant to happen. With these things you really must not worry unless they are bad such as the last one.

They happen to me every once in awhile but definitely more then whats considered ‘normal’- if you want to call it normal. Only worry when something feels BAD. You will normally get a deep-empty-hollow feeling within your gut. Its almost as if your stomach feels its being sucked into itself and as if you can FEEL the color black in your stomach. This is all for negative associations. 

Be safe- Blessings be. Best advice I can give you is work on the “freaking out” part. You don’t want that to escalate. In the moment, in the present, relax. “The Universe” is unfolding for you. You will learn more. Don’t be in a big hurry. Self care is very important. All the things: good food, plenty of rest, getting in touch with nature, relaxation. Asking your angels/spirits/guides (or whatever resonates with you) to help, guide and protect you is also a suggestion. It works for me.

Edit: meditation is worth exploring. It took me heaps of practice. There is no ONE way to do it. If you suck at it when you start, that’s totally cool. It’s like learning to ride a bike. Or a horse.

The “freaking out” part escalated for me and I ended up as an involuntary patient for a month, discharged with a hard core dx. That’s cool. It was a trip, I learned a lot, but it could have been avoided. The more you listen, the more you’ll hear. It’s a useful voice but try not to feel frightened or be disrespectful of your gift. Be honourable and kind and this gift will help you through your life. This is not as interesting but I had a similar experience recently. I was driving and listening to a song and I zoned out and started hearing Yesterday by the Beatles. After maybe ten seconds the car skipped the song playing in the middle (which never happens though I have a finicky radio) and plays Yesterday by The Beatles. Freaked me out a bit but moreso made me excited. I still don’t have a clue what to make of it now think that your powers will transfer to me and let's see it will happen or not😂 It happens to me frequently,  almost daily. These are all really strong vibrational shifts as well. You're glimpsing timelines bud. That's how it is. 5d earth and all that Kundalini syndrome. Check out the kundalini subreddit of Tara Springett on YouTube. You’re not alone. Stay rational. Equanimity is key here Omg weird same things with me. I’m still wondering wtf is it. I don’t know how I feel about knowing shit in advance .. I do the same thing i looked into it its known as the law of manifestation also known as working in the 5th dementin thinking law of attraction look into all the u will see It might just be manifestation. Dk Their are no accidents in the universe, the illusion of choice is just an illusion, you are just like water traveling down the river, u have no option but to flow even if u think u are still, you arnt. I lived with a very powerful medium.  She spoke directly to spirits while seeing them with her peripheral vision since she was 3 years old.  

A woman told her about her dream of having an accident in her car at a certain intersection.  She told her to stop going that route.  She did just that.  The accident still happened there with the same type of car the woman saw hitting hers.  

So, the accident still occured, but with a different person instead of her. 

So, ya, I totally get it. Dude! Be careful with your powers. You already made your teacher sick. Better learn how to control it fast before you hurt people! Actually I think I might have just been what’s called hyper focused Sounds like precognition, similar things have happened to me. Or it could have been a guide directly you to do that so you wouldn't get hurt. I have this. I can drop something that I'm holding and then catch it while it's falling down. It happens a lot Are you highly empathic? People do this to me as well. They say things like: I've never told *anyone* this, you're so easy to talk to, I don't know why I'm telling you this, etc.


Even strangers on the street will start talking to me and end up crying about how their Dad died last November or something.


For a long time I imagined that I had a flashing neon sign above me that said: tell me you deepest secrets and painful stories. Some people are just like that to be honest. They don't feel comfortable talking about these things to people in their lives so they spill to strangers. Maybe you're a great listener! Or you have good energy and people trust you What is your rising sign? Do any planets make aspects to it? I’ve definitely had a lot of moments like that lately. I did some research and a lot do shamanistic and spiritual people call it “divine flow”.  Being psychic is taking in more information about your surroundings then other people. Some people are born with the gifts but never become curious about how it relates to all of the universe or other ways to push the boundaries of reality. Other people have a spiritual awakening and then suddenly realize that they have had abilities all along but they were suppressing them.  This was me. The thing about a spiritual awaking is that there if you keep your mind open all of it is now open to you - manipulating energy, mediumship, precognition, remote viewing, manifestation, telepathy, etc. The key to all of this is meditation. When I started to piece it all together how the paranormal is all connected via consciousness I realized that there have been many times where my husband and I would get to a hotel room and it would just feel “all wrong” and I would make him get us new rooms. There was one time in Flagstaff that we couldn’t get a new room so I went out and slept in the car it was that uncomfortable. When I mentioned this to someone on one of the psychic subreddits they recommended a book to me that is and was a game changer Managing Psychic Abilities: A Real World Guide for the Highly Sensitive Person by Mary Mueller Shutan. This isn’t a book for wanna be psychics. This is a book for people with abilities that need guidance for managing them and growing them. She teaches “spiritual hygiene” and discernment. I can’t recommend this book enough. Yes, synchronization is a strong indicator that you are aligning on your life path. Once it starts happening it will continue to happen and you will be able to use it to fuel your growth. In doing so you will likely see an increase in psychic abilities. I only recently developed psychic abilities due to healing work. Heal yourself and you will be able to connect into universal energy which is how most with extra sensory abilities are able to do it. I feel that way sometimes. I've always considered myself to be hyperaware of my surroundings and somewhat of an empath, but I've never really had any aha moments. I'm also close to synchronicity with time. Sometimes I ask my guides and family members to send me specific numbers when they want to communicate. Wooooot!!!!!! So cool and fun for you! Your life is about to get weirder and weirder! Lol. Synchronicities are really common in like big drives when u first start to open up and become aware of your relationship with spirit( or whichever way you want to call it). Meditate and definitely keep an intuition journal and record these experiences. This in itself is huge and will help a lot. The whole aspect of accepting and validation of these experiences is what is important. I’ve heard it called the pyschic child before, and by validating that you’re in fact listening to your inner psychic child , such as recording these things and stuff you are  strengthening her voice and then it starts to get louder and louder and the universe is like yay! Someone’s in the other line I’m gonna keep talking! One fun thing to do is to practice manifesting something small. My favorite and most intense experience with this was with peacocks. So like just make the intention to see peacocks and believe it’s gonna happen. Don’t try and plan to see them or get discouraged if you think it’s been too long and you haven’t seen them yet, just accept that peacocks are gonna show up for you and get excited. Like u can’t wait. The universe is creative so it will probably come kn an unexpected way which is so much fun. It took me like two days maybe and then I was invited over a friend of a friends house after hours from a bar and her entire basement was filled with like a hundred different peacock images and statues and stuff. It was so cool! It was only when I stopped like aggressively looking for them but didn’t diminish that it would happen that bam! It showed up and showed up big! Lol. There’s a lot of fun ways you can exercise them. Memory and focus games are good too because these abilities do require a certain amount of focus and memory so just doing that alone will help. Also you can write a number down at the beg of ur day and see if it shows up a lot
For u. Or ask
Spirit to show u repeat numbers to communicate with you. Have fun!!!! The actions does not unbalance the centres, it is the thought processes behind the behavior that unbalance them. The unbalance is caused by the astral entity that are attached to the physical body rather than the physical body and outer actions, causing the unbalance. I feel like I only lose energy while masturbating if I watch pornography while I’m doing it. Being present and using my imagination instead seems to be more enjoyable. But I really try to only do it when I have the urge- not just compulsively like I used to. It seems to regulate my sexual energy if I only do it when I actually feel the need. Sometimes ya gotta release No. Porn addiction might. I don’t know about all this unbalance talk. Like where are you becoming unbalanced from? They’re energy centers and channels; I much prefer to talk about it in terms of blockage, flow and distortion. 

That being said, masturbation can actually be used to channel sexual energy throughout your whole chakra system. It’s amazing and if you’ve not tried it, I strongly suggest you do. Through this process, it can actually be used as an energy clarifier and enhancer. It can be intentionally used to unblock blockages. 

That being said, it isn’t always used this way and that can cause a lot of distortion and with enough of a rigid practice, can create blockages. I like to think of thoughts and intention like waves in a pool. When new thoughts come through, they create a ripple effect of other thoughts and feelings. Masturbating is highly energetic and can amplify these ripples. So a focus on something you view as shameful could cause a lot of big shameful ripples that can interfere and block and direct your thoughts, energy and action in the future. A focus on something beautiful and sensual and connecting and wholesome could have entirely different results. Who’s to say if it’s balanced or not, but it is intentionally choosing where your energy is directed and the affect it has on you. Not the action of it, is the thought about that, which is a red flag about our sexuality.

That person should have a trauma related or programmed into religions (another red flag) which causes at the same time some trauma For a man i think after release the first chakra is stressed out unbalanced for a week, because it takes a lot of energy to create semen Regular and unnecessary masturbation could. Masturbate only when necessary. Don't make it a habit or get addicted to it. Also, practise no fap once in a while atleast which will increase your self-control and also enhance your spiritual powers. ELL O ELL i think so. Yes it can unbalanced the chakra. Especially it cause Agya Chakra (The Third Eye) and root chakra(mooldhara chakra) deactivation. No but it increases dopamine No it’s good for that chakra From my understanding, semen is the most potant form of life force energy. It literally creates life. Im not too sure about chakras but it can drain you of chi There was an idiot who used to tell me mastrubation causes loss of spiritual power means ability to connect with divine. 🤦 yes. most definitely. you're abusing your sacral chakra, making it unbalanced. this will throw off your overall chakra energy since they will send energy to that chakra to heal it, but in return they'll have less energy. cut off all websites/thoughts that invoke lust. it is harmful. No if its in healthy ammount.

But overall if you are guy and you are ejaculating then you are losing a loooooot of energy. YES. In multiple ways. Sheilding helps a lot You can put salt around your doors, windows any openings. 
You can put up a huge wall of white light with the help of guardians or angels in order to block. 
You can reflect any energy or dissolve it in a field. What does it mean, someone getting reads? Visualize yourself in a protective light or warmth and ask your guides and other spiritual resources to protect you. You can say it out loud and/or pray if that is your thing. 

I listen to cleansing/protective meditation vibes. One time I put something to ward off dark energy and that night I dreamed of being choked by an evil spirit... I have no idea what this means but I'm keeping my positive energy. You planned it in between lives probably and that's why you had a feeling of it happening This sounds more psychological to me than metaphysical.  To me, it sounds like because you have an abuse background that you're always looking for that sense of home and belonging, which you didn't have.  People associate strong senses of loss with certain things.  You may want to look at the notion of["trauma bonding"](https://www.domesticshelters.org/articles/ending-domestic-violence/what-is-trauma-bonding?gclid=EAIaIQobChMImvucl6zW-AIVHfbjBx1ifwBeEAAYAyAAEgLCnfD_BwE).  That's more of what it sounds like may be going on. I know exactly what you mean! When I was growing up we moved around a lot, now that I'm an adult myself I've also moved a fair deal myself. I still feel connection with all the places I've lived, though some more than others. I still frequently dream about these old houses, and when I read books they're what I imagine the characters living in, and so on.

Recently one of the houses I feel most connected to went up for sale. I only lived there for about three years, when I was 10-13, but I guess those are pretty formative years. I haven't been there in about 18 years, but I want to see it so bad and I'm debating asking for a tour even though in reality I am in no position to buy it. I really wish I had the money to buy it, though.

I don't know if there's anything metaphysical about these emotions, but I do totally get what you mean about that insanely strong connection to a place. Hmm. What came to me is that you can pursue something like becoming a mentor, or a life coach. Have you ever considered that? 

Then people would come to talk to you. I had a great mentor that taught me so much. He was wise, open centered, and very spiritual.  Anyway, you sound like you'd be good at it The twin flame concept is only used to term what is an extremely spiritually catalytic relationship. This sounds a lot like my experience I had the kundalini awakening and then TF recognition shortly thereafter. The "telepathy" can be pretty upsetting I agree but the point is in spirituality that all things r within. While it's possible that she is sending u messages through astral or ether, it is fact that you are reacting to them in a certain way. (She may not be even doing it on purpose, it's possible, but it's also just as likely that she's receiving messages and projection from you too.) The point is to use all the pain, negative feelings that come up to identify triggers, transmute that and ultimately grow through it. 

In my journey, this is the only way to change the TF dynamic and shift out of the chaos. It is not easy but extremely rewarding. Like TFGemini said, you cannot "cut" the cord. Imagine u two r dogs walking on the same leash fighting for lead yeah it's annoying as fuck. But you are attached. This is the soul contract. The only way to shift is for one of you to move "up," and lead the other. Establish dominance per-se. Energetically of course. There can be no ego in this space it is extremely raw and difficult but this is why the TF journey is a major blessing even when it feels like a straight up demon witch curse. 

My advice- go within. Best of luck to u. I recommend moldavite (it's extremely protective and will assist you on your journey). Everything is energy and look into the law of attraction. Eventually once u both r in the same place then union may become possible IF thats what u want and for many this is a decades long lifetime journey. As spiritual ascension should be I have not found a way to block this type of communication. Most who are skilled in it are polite enough to disengage if you ignore them.


I have however, learned to creatively tell people to leave me alone. If I really don't want to speak with someone, or be observed by them, I SLAP them. I just create with intention, an automatic bitch slap any time they connect to or attempt to observe me. A slap so hard that it's "audible" to me. This also serves as a sort of intrusion detector, lol


Or you can envision her peering at you through a door or window, and slam it shut in her face.


If she persists, try envisioning your internal energy, pushing outward from you, to force her away from you. If she still persists, push her away with the force of like a small blast. Is the telepathy upsetting?

If so, you have every right to block it out.  Try clearing your mind/meditation first.

You can do chord cutting, and it doesn’t have to be painful. 

If she is actually your Tf it’s not so much a chord but rather you are the same soul.  And that’s not something that will change: many TFs do not come into union in a particular life time, or do so briefly. You can support each other energetically without need of a 3d relationship if that is not your desire.

You have free will and can shut off the connection, even if it’s “real”

But there are also false twins, or other hijacking that can occur. 

“ I am a sovereign being, and by the power of the god that I am, I do not consent to receiving messages from this being, entity, group or program” ( that will cover that person, or any other interference that could be on the line sending messages over the connection)

Try energetic chord cutting, there could be something from her heart to your navel (unhealthy) I like to visualize and literally “cut” with my fingers as scissors around my navel, and heart. You can also try cutting literal rope in a ritual. It doesn’t matter how you do it, it’s the intention.

You can call upon your guides, or if you align with the arch angels invoke them by name and visualize a sword made of energetic light.
 (no, they are not Christian in nature- I’d argue they were around long before and are ready to assist) First off, if these voices are telling you to do harmful things to yourself or to others, seek the assistance of a proper doctor.

Second thing, try shielding. I doubt this is a twin-flame thing (though it's difficult to discern if this is a vampiric attack) and if this connection is harmful, a cord-cutting ceremony ought to work.

Reason I don't think this is a twin-flame connection is that this connection is causing you distress and potentially harming you. Your twin-flame wouldn't do that (a decent human being wouldn't do that. Just sayin'.) The Kundalini awakening or as it's known in Buddhism; The Arising and Passing Away, released a ton of pranic energy, makes conscious awareness jump an octave of reality and can lead to powers. Because of the amount of energy you have at your disposal, the ability to manifest trajectories can be so forceful it can feel hard to control, like a powerful magnet that rushes and pulls towards anything shiny it wants or contrasts into fear. This insight stage is immediately followed by the stages of Dissolution, (which is the entrance into the Dark Night of the Soul), followed like clockwork by Fear, Misery, Disgust, Desire for Deliverance, Reobservation, and then Conformity Knowledge which spits out wide and cool and flowing into equanimity. 

The reason for this is because awareness is still in a dualistic pulse phased relationship with reality meaning ego is pulsing between figuring out what sensations in the field of awareness are you, and where is everything and everybody else. The A&P bursts that illusion by showing you unifying vision of reality and oneness but it's only a partial view because you see yourself as the center. This is a peak and profound move toward Enlightenment but for full enlightenment the illusion of a center point begins to be broken up.  So the Dark Night of the Soul are incredibly important insight stages where you acclimate to the sensations of non-duality which at first can feel terrifying and out of control. 

The first thing you should know is you are safe. Because you are not Lumpy-Ad's body or mind. You are awareness and Lumpy-Ad is within you. The Dark Night begins breaking that over identification with Lumpy-Ad. 

It might start with a twin flame and later everyone and everything is that tethered because there is no such thing as anything that is separate from awareness. The key is shutting down the ego mind before that happens so you move through life in perfect fluid zoning and watching thoughts go by. Or where thinking is not automatically felt to be the same as your volition. 

I'd strongly suggest reading Daniel Ingrams free book mctb.org where he goes into great detail about the Kundalini / A&P. 

The strategy is no matter how strange or terrifying these concepts feel you must note the sensations and thoughts aren't permanent (as in they flicker). If you can notice your fearful thought about twin flames flickers like frames of an old movie theater, then it breaks up the pranic energy you are feeding it and you won't tunnel into them. 

lmk what you think about these materials: 

https://www.mctb.org/mctb2/table-of-contents/part-iv-insight/30-the-progress-of-insight/4-the-arising-and-passing-away/

https://www.mctb.org/mctb2/table-of-contents/part-iv-insight/30-the-progress-of-insight/5-dissolution-entrance-to-the-dark-night/ Have you confirmed these conversations with her directly? 

You don't have to believe in TF to enjoy the intimacy provided by your connection to her. Just think of it as being really close to someone and being glad for it. 

What if you can never, ever, have this connection with anyone else for your entire life? What if you will never be this close to someone again? If it was me, I'd make the most of it right now and be glad that I can be so close to someone like that. it really depends om the type of connection, I know a person that I have a telepathic.energetic link with, I am unable to cut the cord with them as we seem to have a contract of some kind, but I was able to negotiate the contract & I have been setting many energetic boundaries in place to keep them out of my energy & space. that meant laying low on social media, & cutting out a lot of mutuals. the situation is annoying & tricky & I just dont have the time or energy to negotiate or communicate with this person spiritually right now. its just to much. you can telepathically tell her to leave u alone, take salt baths, do cord cutting & energetic shielding work. look into crystals for protecting your mental, emotional & energetic space. I am having the exact same experience without kundalini awakening. I mean not the “twin flame” thing, but some entities talk with me with only triggering topics in order to drive my life where who sent them asked them to. The entities can perform any voice and can make up any sound in my head. When the phenomenon started I was also hearing constantly a little whistle in my hears. By reading some books on psychic attack and protection from them I discovered that it’s the typical way we perceive the hole in our energy body created by those beings in order to communicate to us. Another important things is that in order to nail down the force of your energy body, someone (usually the attacker or one of them) will try to let you have emotional traumas or to install in you behaviors that will lower down your personal energy and self confidence. 

I am almost sure that if you look at happenings and the people around you, you’ll find clues about who may have triggered this situation.

Another way to spot who generated the issue is to think who will earn or is earning something desirable from your condition. Another way to tell this thing is where the money goes or who is taking advantage of you emotionally or in any other way. 

In my case their way was distracting me while they were taking from me all that they could! Be careful and find a trustworthy person who can help you.  

I have to tell you, by my side in 3 years I didn’t find one. People mostly have taken money from me without solving the issue they where asked to. 

I apologize for this negative viewpoint, but this is my experience and if it can help someone I am glad to share it. If what I said doesn’t make any sense for you, again I apologize, but just ignore it. 

Thanks for your sharing 🙏🏻 This doesn't sound like a twin flame to me! It could be SHE feels you are her twin-flame...

You can tell her energy 'no' with love.  Just like, have a heart-to-heart and let her energies know, even if it were true and you are her tf and she yours, you are not ready for that connection with her and she needs to respect your boundaries. Trying to force your submission to her belief through psychic attacks is really un-cool and causing you a lot of issues in your healing.

Something like:

I am so sorry.  Please forgive me.  I love you.  Thank you.

(The purpose of this is that any residual ties to the person drop because you've taken responsibility for your energy and acknowledged it's power by addressing other souls and beings this way, with love and respect-that harbor some type of emotional or other tie to you, we free ourselves and them at the same time). You need to meditate then make your intention clear that whoever or whatever is mentally telepathically communicating with them you want to close the connection off. Set the intent first, then sit and be the observer of the perceiver viewing the perceived. Try to have no thoughts. Doing this will dedicate all your energy to the will you intended and naturally it will work. Have no doubts. You can create anything. Get creative if you’d like visualize some sort of shield and program that shield with a intention of whatever it is you desire for example blocking the specific person from getting thru Can’t block it. I tried. You can ask your guides for help. Mines told me they’ll give me a break but it’s part of the process. You can’t run from your TF. You are one. The universe will constantly remind you. I remote view almost every day. Twin Flame journey is extremely difficult because you are essentially the same soul in two separate bodies. 

The sensations and feelings experienced are individual, intense and require a lot of soul and energy work on oneself.

However, a decent human being should lift you up and encourage you to be your best self. It is possible to have a twin flame connection with a toxic person and that's our choice to decide what we want for ourselves.

You can set boundaries and protective measures. Ask your guides and spiritual resources for help. Could be true. 

But does it sound rational that you are really communicating with a girl that likely barely remembers you from high school? Does it even seem remotely possible that she is putting this much effort into attacking you? It's so far from reality that you must logically see that?

If you don't then that's likely an indication of the issue you are currently facing.

The Djinn will deceive and attack those that are open and susceptible. They will lie and feed off of you, it's the laws of nature, you are easy prey, your vessel is corrupted. Sounds like you encountered a higher being. I've experienced both the "mind tugging" which you describe, as well as *feeling* that something looked at me. 


When you can connect to the metaphysical, sometimes beings wish to check you out. Sometimes they will extend communication and sometimes they simply have a look at you and leave you alone. Sometimes they wish to impart knowledge or information. And sometimes, they're out to mind **** you. 


It can be disconcerting when you first experience this stuff, especially when your only resource is how you feel and instinct. I was the same as you, pushing all of it away from the time I was a teen, by mentally yelling go away, leave me alone. I don't KNOW you! And then I'd crawl right back into my safe cocoon of logic and skepticism, lol


As an adult, I started on a spiritual path and began placing my brain into a meditative state. Reality is nothing like I thought and EVERYTHING is possible with the human mind and brain. It sounds like you did a good job defending and extracting yourself. It seems you may have astral projected. I don't have enough information or knowledge to give you more perspective, but I have read similar accounts and it seems you projected somewhere else. And that's beautiful and very fortunate! If you did Astral project, don't worry, you can't lose yourself and stay there. There is a silver cord that attaches your body to the one that astral projects, and you will always go "back" to yourself no matter how far you go Your ego has to die in order for you to fully open up to the other side.  You merge in a way with the energy flow.  It is like a raindrop landing in a deep body of water. everyone is psychic. some people are born more sensitive than others. just like some people are born with a natural inclination to golf, piano, or singing

you can be afraid if you want. you don’t have to develop any of your abilities. just like you set your boundaries with your aunt that crossed, you can set those boundaries with your self, your abilities, and any other “entities” that you may perceive

it sounds like you would benefit from some self soothing and inner child work around your abilities before deciding what kind of boundaries you would like to set. you always have free will

exploring your abilities is meant to be expansive, empowering and fun

any attempt to explore your abilities with your current perspective clouded by fear may cause more harm than good

think of your abilities like a bottle of champagne

if you shake and agitate the bottle before popping the cork you get sprayed, the walls get sprayed, the ceiling gets sprayed… it’s a mess

if you simply pick it up and open it, you get to enjoy the bubbles

when you get scared just put the bottle down. no one is going to force you to open it It seems to me you already know the answer. You just want someone to give you permission to not believe it. It’s ok to fear what you don’t understand but don’t let it stop you. From what I understand, left ear is internal energy shifts (changes in your internal vibrational state) while right ear is external energy (contact from the other side, etc) Could be spiritual, could be tinnitus, or high blood pressure too. Rule out the medical causes first! I get the same thing and I've assumed it to be the presence of a spiritual entity making itself known to me (for what reason I don't know.)

Perhaps the same is true for you? First, get hearing checked, as tinnitus can indicate hearing damage So I'm not the only one? Left ear too, it's virtually permanent, and started when I had my awakening. Or.. I first noticed it some time after that, I should say.

Closest thing to an explanation that i could find is, spirit is trying to send me messages, only, unfortunately my "antenna" isn't calibrated properly. Maybe just a tinnitus without any psyshic cause. I have it in both. It could just be natural, like mine. 

The hardest part after experiencing some high strangeness is to differentiate normal from paranormal after the experience. The best idea is to think normal 1st. Does anyone ever have the feeling that your ear is opening up? Hard to explain but in some moments, it feels like my ear is trying to listen more. Hopefully it’s spiritual and not tinnitus.  I suffer from Tinnitus and it started as an occasional high pitch noise in the ear and then eventually graduated to all the time For the last week both of my ears have been ringing none stop Tinnitus First rule out tinnitus or anything medical. 

If it's spiritual perhaps spirit is communicating and you just can't hear the message..  yet. 

If you're not practicing meditation already, it's the best way to quiet the ego mind. The more quite your mind the more clear "reception", for lack of a better word, you'll have. It won't happen over night just keep at it. i have something similar happen to me but instead it sounds like its in my brain and if i focus on it i can keep hearing it until some other noise distracts me or i stop focusing i dont know what it is tho It's like listening to the electrical signals of your brain. (in the case where it is not tinnitus) I have experienced it myself. Was reading earlier on Twitter an empath says our vibration frequency has been changing and we will get through this and be better then ever. Ready for ascension Sounds like a toothache, I’d hit up a dentist Rule out medical causes first.

Maybe spiritual. Sometimes one of my ears clogs up and rings for a minute or two and stops.

Other times it feels like my head is under water, it's clogged, I can hear myself and it goes away when I flip my head down. Trying to rule out medical issues first. Left ear ringing is a warning For me it has started when energy beings started listening and talking (against my will) to me. I read a book of a famous occultist of the last century saying that it’s the effect of an hole in the energetic body we all own. Unless legit tinittus. Yes some form of communication is against you or coming from your left side psychically, or both. Legit real. Some will be skeptical but enough anecdotal experience and proof in my life to know now. That you have tinnitus It could be a spirit trying to communicate, I usually get it in my right ear accompanied by physical sensations like chills and cold breeze on my arms. From my understandings the left ear is not a trustworthy contact It likely means your ear is ringing. You have tinnitus. Go see a doctor? 1 and 2: trial and error. 3: the birds were obviously on their way back from the mosque. When you have abilities become apparent it will be obvious. And that bird chorus Islamic prayer. Weird. I have a vague memory of that. As a muslim we believe birds say the prayer.prophet Solomon used to understand bird language I didn’t know people can hear them too there’s a mythical language called the Language of the Birds, only the enlightened can understand (also some ppl in turkey, i think, use it to communicate over distances). 
you know as they come (for 1&2) [removed] Yup happened to me one night after contemplating suicide. I believe it was my higher self just trying to soothe me While I can't give you a direct answer you should know this is an extremely common experience among many many people. Soooo many people report hearing their name called at night or while they have their eyes closed trying to sleep. Good question. I'd like to know the answer as well. This happened to me once very clearly. I was in a dark time in my life and utterly alone and absolutely nonspiritual. It made me perk up like a tiny spark It could have been an astral journey where you were having an interaction with someone and being so close to sleep made it easier for you to perceive and remember.

Also it could have been someone "pinging" you, names can be used to create a connection with someone psychically and are sort of identifying terms. My angel number is also 44, it has guided me many times at risky periods of my life (with big decisions looming) It's possible this was a [hypnagogic hallucination.](https://www.medicalnewstoday.com/articles/321070)

EDIT: I've had visions/hallucinations during that period of time between sleep and wakefulness. I've also experienced no such phenomena since the house-ward was installed (a system of wards to keep out spiritual beings and other energetic interferences.) So perhaps what you're experiencing is legit and some basic protections ought to help resolve this. Though don't discount the possibility that this is just a hallucination. It could be (which means there's nothing to concern yourself about.) I feel like my spirt guide done the same thing this morning when I did not want to wake up this morning but I accomplished so much to achieve my goal in life.. listen to it! What are you wanting to do or think about what your goals are for the day? Or imagine what you we’re supposed to and forgot what you were wanting to do! I done everything I wanted to today and it was because I got up when I did thanks to my spirit guide ❤️ It usually happens with me. I always hear people calling my name but when I ask them, they either refuse or sometimes, they aren’t even around I would also love some answers to this. It doesn't happen to me too frequently, but when it does, it's hard to forget. There was one night when I was still living at my parents' home (either college days or shortly after graduation) and I began to drift off to sleep in my bed. Then, very closely to my ear, as if hovering over me or coming from inside my ear itself, I heard my mom sternly, and clearly, shout my name. I bolted upright and went downstairs to see what she wanted, but mom was sound asleep 🤔

The most recent was here in my apartment. I began dozing off on the couch and heard a man (again sternly and clearly) shout my name. I was alone so talk about alarming. YES. This happened to me recently too. 

It was very late at night when a friend of mine was talking to me about about her past relationship.

I was kinda passively listening and mindlessly doodling at the same time so I think that kind of "relaxed concentration" helped. She also kept saying that I'd be able to guess who the person was if she told me where the person lived; like because she believed in me so much my guess is we had a strong "connection" during that moment too?

When she said the city, I just INSTANTLY knew the answer. Mind you, the topic of her story was a person I'd never even met/talked to before so imagine our surprise when I was able to give her a name - a full name.

Granted we all went to the same university, but how could I have known exactly who if we both mutually know hundreds of other people that went to uni with us too? Also if I didnt know who this person was before, how could I have associated them with the city my friend mentioned? 

When we both started to freak out, she asked me how I knew and I couldnt give her an answer... All I know was that a name just popped in my head and I KNEW it was correct before I even said it. There’s a few different practices, but grounding and sheilding are the gold standard and easiest to do. Grounding usually takes the form of slow, deep breaths, and being observant of the physical world around you, some people call it “being in the moment”. This gives you a much greater control of energy and emotions. There are some variations that use mantras and visualization, but those aren’t always needed. The second one is sheilding. Grousing gets rid of and stabilizes what’s here, sheilding keeps new stuff out. This has the same principal of deep breathing, but is more of a visualization exercise, imagining yourself surrounded by a white light of protection. Imagine all the things about this light and focus on them, what shade of white is it? Is it cool or warm feeling? Where is the light coming from? Perhaps your chest or belly? This really helps center the idea in your mind and manifest this protection for you Try this. Sit in a chair. Close your eyes. Take a deep breath. Feet flat on the floor. Hands separated and resting palms up on each thigh.

Create a grounding cord. This is a line of energy that connects your first chakra to the center of the planet. Your first chakra is a ball of energy about the size of a quarter that sits just in front of the base of your spine. Your grounding cord attaches to the bottom of that ball of energy.

Grounding makes your body feel safe, so you release energy more easily. Gravity pulls whatever you release, even your own energy, down to the center of the planet. No effort on your part. The center of the planet neutralizes the energy and returns it to whoever owns it. No karma for anyone. A virtuous cycle.

Nearly everyone goes to connect to the center of the planet the first time but stops at the soil, often making roots like a tree. This is a method that is taught in some martial arts styles, but it is not the best option for your spiritual development and healing.

So, notice the seat of your chair. Take a deep breath. Notice the distance between the seat and the floor. Now notice the distance between the floor and the soil below. Breathe.

Now notice the distance between the soil and the water table underneath. Notice the distance between the water table and the rocky mantle. Notice the distance between the mantle and the molten core below that. Deep breath.

Notice the distance between the molten core and the center of the planet. That ball of light at the very center of the planet is where you connect your grounding cord. Deep breath.

Say hello to the center of the planet. Do you get a hello back?

Notice the color and texture of your grounding cord. It may look like a line of energy, or look like something physical; a rope, a wire, a pipe, a tree trunk. Adjust it as needed to be in affinity with your body.

Getting this far means you've already released some energy from your aura and body. Now it is time to fill in the space that was created.

Create a gold sun over your head. Have it call back all of your energy from wherever you left it throughout your day and week. Work. School. Online meetings. Video games. Your fantasies about your future. Your regrets about your past. Wherever you've placed your attention. Just watch the energy come back and see if you notice where it came from.

Have the sun burn up and neutralize your energy. Then bring the sun into the top of your head. It will automatically flow into the spaces you created. Create a gauge to measure when you're full. Like a fuel gauge or oil gauge. You'll run better if you aren't a few quarts low on spiritual oil. If the gauge doesn't read "Full", bring in another gold sun.

Open your eyes, bend over and touch the floor, draining any tension from the back of your neck, then stand up, and stretch.

There is a progression with this technique. After grounding for ten minutes a day for a week or two, notice your grounding cord at the very end, while you're standing with your eyes open. Continue to ground with your eyes open and standing, and bring in another gold sun. Each day, increase the amount of time that you ground standing up with your eyes open.

After a week or two practicing this, add walking while grounded. Just notice your grounding cord as you walk. Say hello to the center of the planet while you walk. Bring in a gold sun while you walk.  If you lose your grounding cord, stop walking and recover it. If you have to, sit back down and close your eyes and create a new grounding cord.

After this, you're ready to take your grounding cord with you into your daily life. Shopping. Getting coffee. Wherever you go, you can ground. This, combined with a little amusement about seeing new things on an energy level, will keep you safe and sound.

Now that you're here, at the end of your grounding meditations, create a gold sun over your head. This time, fill it with your highest creative essence, your present time growth vibration, and your affinity for yourself. The first energy is a healing for you. The second is a healing for your body. The third is a healing for your affinity in your fourth chakra.

Bend over and touch the floor. Stand up and stretch. If you're ready for more, sit back down and ground some more. Otherwise, have a nice day!

Note that every image you imagine, the gold sun, the grounding cord, the center of the planet, your first chakra, your body parts, is exercising your clairvoyance. You may be imagining what your tailbone looks like, but you're also creating the image of your tailbone and reading its energy. This is practicing your clairvoyant ability. stop dealing with them? remove them from your life? you do not need spirituality to remove bad vibes from your life, you need a "balls" only how about going to a yoga class? or any class that you would enjoy

when you start practicing these abilities you’ll start attracting others that do or are at least open to the idea

it’s just about meeting new people so meet new people in whatever way it feels right

get to know others, let them get to know you and slowly open up about your practices when you feel comfortable

try not to get attached to anyone as they may very well not be into it and that’s okay!! (not always easy to remember)

what you seek is seeking you and remember that you are the best friend you’ll ever have so be compassionate and kind with yourself! Some shops offer classes or have psychics come in for paid readings. 

Impressive not sure how long it with take for things to get back to normal though. 

A word of advice about these community. Keep your expectations low. Keep your guard up again fraud. There is a lot of it. Especially when money is involved. I normally try to find a foundation or association I have the Edgar cayce foundation near me. My experience with looking at metaphysical shops is that you’re more likely to find covens than an organization. I'm clairaudient. My experience;  I always here Spirit come through using words. Not like a full on conversation, but a few words.

About a year and a half ago I started hearing a very high pitch frequency (not loud, just high pitch). Only in my right ear and only in the early morning hours during my sleep. 
It sounds exactly like ( don't laugh) morse code. It starts around 2:30 - 3:30 AM lasting until I get out of bed. It doesn't keep me from sleeping, but I would like to know why it's happening.

So just to rule out ear or sinus issues I saw my doc who sent me to ear, nose, throat specialist. Doc says all is good & normal except for one change. Apparently my hearing has gotten sharper, My range of hearing has increased greatly outside of what's considered "normal".

I agree. Loud noises, a loud TV, music, power tools, or PA system in a store is the worst. It's pain full to my ears. Unfortunately doc doesn't know why, but knows enough that there is no fix.😕 Apparently this happens to 1 in 50,000 people.

No, I didn't tell him I am clairaudient.  
I hate that I feel I have to hide that part of who I am bc these abilities THAT WE ARE ALL BORN WITH are still not accepted/acknowledged as main stream in society.
But with more & more folks awakening, hopefully in my lifetime, it will be perceived as NORMAL.🙏 When I began my discovery, I Conducted tests with myself and my spirit guides. For Example: ________(higher power/God/etc)  Can you turn it up-just a tad bit more so I can distinguish better? Also, pay attention to what’s going on when your ears start ringing and have a note pad to see if you spot any patterns. Also, don’t be afraid to set boundaries with your gift. “I’m not accepting anymore messages, it’s quiet time, STFU.” 

SN Story: At my old house,this spirit would try to get me to hear her side of the story. Her energy was kind of like Eeyore (sad,pessimist,depressed) and she would come in… WHILE IM DOING THE DISHES 😡I said 🗣B**** don’t come in here with that. No, I can’t help you right now. Just because I’m in the kitchen doesn’t mean you get to rant like that.” 

Hope this helps a bit 😌🖤 It sounds familiar. I guess you need to meditate more to develop it. I had similar meeting but with ben drowned\[related to creepypasta called: BEN DROWNED\] only once,retracted from talking with a thing mentioning ben drowned ever since that event. Also learned that provoking this stuff might not end well. Sleep paralysis is a weird thing. I have experienced it twice and both times were different but equally terrifying. All that to say that it’s not uncommon. I do sympathize though because as it happens you are as if in a movie just watching helplessly. Our brains do not enjoy having rem sleep disturbed and may have caused this episode you’ve experienced. Angel number are signified based on the number. 4:44 is a number that signifies that your guardian angel is with you and is watching over you. This can also be seen as a sign of protection, so if you see this number, know that you are protected. it could be a sign that you need to call on your guardian angel and others for help. So it may mean your guardian angels are listening and are ready to help in anyway, listen to your intuition cause it also may be that a big is coming your way and your angels are with you every step to support and guide you Sounds like a raising of vibration by letting go of negative things When I first started doing energy practices like this, I was shocked too how I could feel the vibrations!! It was so real!!! And I thought to myself… how did I live 40 something years of my life and not know that energy healing could be so effective and beneficial!! I’m hooked on it!!!! It really is amazing!!! I’m glad you felt it ❤️ Love is the strongest energy in the universe, and next to that is gratitude and forgiveness so you were calling in a very powerful vibrational force into your system. Not unusual at all that you felt that energy. Not every can feel energy like that so enjoy that experience and learn ways how to work with light energy for healing the self and maybe eventually working with others.🤗🥰 Thats just how muscle works Lovely name btw. You have a sense of 'that was me,' and 'that explains me' You don't. You can't. Through hypnosis. What you see in your dreams is no actual you. Most often you are only witnessing a reality. One of millions. They can relate to actual reality but usually thy do not. You see many things in dreams, more you don't remember. Instinct practice divination such as geomancy, i ching, or tarot cards daily to sharpen the skill. then simply journal your experience of psychic prediction in as much detail as you can. as for intent, work on your willpower & restraint from externals. It has been my experience over the last 15 years dealing with precognition that it is a gift that you do not control.  You have to take it as it comes to you.  The only times that I speak up about what I see ahead of time are the events that could harm people.  Unless lives are at stake, it has been my experience that it is best to keep quiet. It's very much possible to learn control of your abilities since you're clearly exhibiting psychic abilities, make it easier to understand in a way you can, study the energies providing insights for predictions and rule out possible scenarios. Either way mentoring and proper research of your abilities is most efficient, since you'll get insights from an experienced diviner who's been in your position You kinda don’t, it comes when it wants, but being grounded and introspection helps you sue that info better I’ve definitely experienced this, both at home and work. The only common thing is that it’s always a female voice. Same thing happens to me. Usually before bed or during meditation. Could be beings in the astrals trying to get attention. Have you heard other things besides your name? I have, don’t have an explanation tho I am actually reading a book that provided an interpretation of this experience. It said when you hear your name being called but you look around and no one is trying to get your attention, it could be that someone is thinking of you or thinking of contacting you. I also agree with one of the other replies, it could be an astral trying to get your attention. Welcome to the wonderful world of having psychic gifts. They're not as cool as people think most times. I get chest pain and am unable to breathe when I get these kind of messages.

Seriously though, if you're interested you can start looking into it and see where it leads you 😊 I'll tell you a story about a day where I was so very frustrated that my emotions spilled into other negative energies. I design and develop software, and in my profession, devs can go from being immensely confident to having a crisis of confidence in a single project. Frustration becomes impatience, which turns into anger and questioning of one's career (short lived [Memes about it](https://www.reddit.com/r/ProgrammerHumor/comments/qe0q5o/i_am_not_a_bipolar_but_a_developer/) ). 

One day the frustration was particularly bad and I was struggling with concentration. It got to me and my wife walks in, sits on my lap. I feal a 'bubble of negative energy' in my stomach and it starts to ease (I physically feel this energy start to 'pop' towards my wife). I stop it because I feel it going into my wife. She looks at me and says 'Its ok, just let it go.'. I let it go and she instantly bursts into tears crying. 

From my experience, it seems you can physically feel someone's emotions, more than our physical laws suggest. The question is can you experience this with random people instead of your life-partner and with less intensity? You are now becoming awake! Congratulations the world is not at all what you thought it was - it’s a million times more weird and wonderful the n you ever imagined. 

Precognition is one of the things that registered in me first. I had dreams that absolutely came true and I didn’t know how to tell anyone about it.  I also realized I could sense then energy was “all wrong” - so many times we would travel to hotels and I would make my husband change rooms because the room just felt “bad or wrong”. I never let myself really think why! Along the way posting here I found some great help. First - this book is a game changer - Managing Psychic Abilities: A Real World Guide for the Highly Sensitive Person by Mary Mueller Shutan. This isn’t for wanna be psychics - this book is for people who are either just realizing they have ability or know it and want to be able to manage it in their lives. It teaches about psychic cleansing and protection things that are essential now that your are aware that you have some ability. Also once you are aware all bets are off - it has become a spiritual awakening. This means that you shouldn’t pigeonhole yourself as just psychic abilities. Guess what else is real? Magick, Remote Viewing, Mediumship, Manifesting (Law of Attraction), telepathy, energy work, divination, tarot, life after death - it’s all on the table now. You should learn just how far you can go with all of this and keep yourself protected. Each of these has a subreddit with fantastic people that will help you along the path. 

Secondly there is a subreddit called /r/precognition which is very specific to - you guessed it - precognition.  It’s very satisfying to see the the science and other available resources on this topic as well as being able to grow this ability and meet other people with similar stories. Definitely join in on the fun! I want to thank everyone for your encouraging words and advice! I’ve been super confused about this whole thing since last night and have even talked to my mom about it. I feel like i’m ready to explore this world. Thank you everyone so much. [removed] I would not call this an existential crisis. I think you have realized that there's much more to your existence than the body you inhabit. Well done! Wow! Interesting how the stars align sometimes, right? Precognition saved my life in so many ways. I had my first precognitive dream at 21 and also went thru an existential crisis a bit. But I wouldn’t change it for the whole world. The universe is so much more fascinating to me and I wish people only knew the fraction of what they’re really capable of. I have been having reoccurring dreams since I was a child. I can usually tell now at 29 which are authentic and which are coming from a place of ego. Recently I have been magnetically drawn to certain people that I had dreamt about years ago but not met in real life YET. All met in very random, and very specific turn of event type situations that took a lot to get to in the first place (like a last minute emergency work trip to SF on Memorial Day and meeting in a hotel bar that wasn’t serving food, and randomly being approached and talked to for hours when normally people do not approach you?). I’m almost tripped out by it and I’m not sure if it’s because I am being drawn to certain vibrations that are at my same energetic level or if something else is happening but it would sure be nice if we could tell when or if something was worth putting energy into 🤣  i definitely exercise alot of caution when deciphering my dreams and sometimes that means that I will have had the same dream for years before the premonition occurs. Usually they are very close to the event that occurred in real time as well, but I don’t put that together until analyzing afterwards typically. I now keep a dream journal. Highly recommend. i've had dreams come true before, or dreams that didn't make a lot of sense that do weeks/months/years later. I recently had one where my partners deceased father (he died in December, we started talking in April) came to me in a dream and introduced himself. At the time, I didn't know who it was. My partner then told me later on his dad died in December. I looked up the obit, and it was the man from my dream.

i didn't tell my partner about this, as i didn't want to freak them out.

i've also had dreams where dead relatives visit me and we hang out in the dream. i had one not long ago of my cat that passed away, and he let me pet him.

minds are funnt things! Yes, I've had an experience a lot like that, though it wasn't in a dream, it was in a vision I had in a trance.

It kinda makes me uncomfortable to talk about though because it involves someone's last moments. I learned later a few years afterwards that the important details I saw were accurate.

What I can suggest is to relax and do some grounding exercises. I can't give you any pointers on how to control this because I haven't fully learned how to control it myself. Stop thinking about them. You're probably in a mild depressive state. I was like that for 8 months after letting go of my narc. Stop pining over those past few good memories you had together. That's connecting you to their energy. Emotional energy like love transcends space and time, so you dont even have to be in the same place or time to connect with someone energetically if you love them. You have to let yourself be sad and grieve their loss. Like that person died. Trust me. Those type of people do not change. Toxic people are toxic because they were brought up that way. That person isnt going to change just for you. Being a narcissist is their natural state. They've probably been that way since early childhood or adolescence. 

Find something to do. Take some classes, find a new side job. Find something that will take up your time and make you focus on other things. that way your mind and heart doesn't always go back to the past. Light exercise does wonders for depression. And cold showers. The cold will make your body release norepinephrine which will counteract the depression. Exercise helps produce dopamine which should help you feel okay for a few hours.

Hope you get better. Love yourself the most. In a year you'll be appalled at what you let yourself go through by being with this person, and you'll be someone that will know and attract better. have def dealt with some narcs & it seems they have strong energetic cords I have had them interfere in my dreams before. lots of showers & epsom salt baths, yes cord cutting also Try and be friends with them, dont fight them anymore, youre not doing too well with your current approach so change your approach, reach out and validate them, make them feel like they dont want to hurt you anymore. Be there friend. when u start seeing more clearly, u may feel anger or resentment, I have experienced that recently. been having things revealed & mourning parts of my life I felt I wasted by over giving to others & letting them cross my boundaries for years. people I dont see or talk to (anymore) but caused me a lot of damage in regards to relationships  & ability to form close bonds. Yes once you see you also see the shadows. Shadowwork is really important at this stage. You need to let it come up search for the root of it and forgive at the root. It may take some time or you even have to do it more than once. Important is to really find the root and forgive the situation and heal.

In zen this is called going to the mountain and it ends with the words „ARIGATOU ZAISHÖ“ which means thank you, illusion

The mountain is a picture for your consciousness. While at its feet the next level of consciousness awakens it then get more steeper until the top you are surrounded by ice and harsh conditions like the final trial of your new consciousness

Once cleared and you placed the stone and cloth ( or cross or whatever you think is your sign) you have achieved a dhyana ( a status of consciousness)

Good luck That could be something unexpressed within you. I have ancestral anger from opening mine but it’s almost at conflict with the peace Im gaining within Bc that’s what’s needed in the world if that makes any sense I'm fighting it, honestly. I feel the anger but I see it as a negative pathway, leading only to pain . Nothing you can do about things that happened even a second ago. All you can control is your present and future. 

I feel anger over many things, including people that simply won't listen but I cannot make them and anger sets me up for personal pain by creating an environment for it to snowball.

Now, if you haven't put these things to rest in your life, then perhaps that's what you are going through. A pathway to forgiveness. Question:"how did you open it?, because I have been trying to open it recently any tips and tricks?"
Thank you. It is important to remain calm and proceed slowly.  It can get stressful sometimes, but the important thing to remember is that the future is not set.  Not everything you see will come to pass, but a lot of it will.  Speaking from experience, the only scenarios where it is worthwhile warning folks ahead of time are when a life or lives are at stake.  If you have questions or need someone to talk to, my dm's are open to you.  You are not alone. If I could add, make sure to look after yourself/energy. Try stay grounded and don't let yourself slip. I made that mistake and it took a long time to rebalance and get back on top of myself.   


It's a gift for sure, but it can turn into a curse if you aren't careful. Trusting yourself, meditation, grounding, all the good stuff will keep you on the right path. Good luck and you can also DM me if you have questions or just wanna chat. May I ask what type of meditation you did? I got a message that I'm supposed to work on my root chakra so I've dedicated my whole week to it. Seeing this when I go on is very synchronistic. I dont see with my physical eye yet.. Your doing great. Keep unblocking the rest of the chakras. one by one. The svadhisthana will guide you and especially the manipura will help you to find confidence in your precognition. 

Once you cleared the heartchakra the upper chakras mostly unblock themselves to the crown. And you can go from there to the higher chakras. Meditation will be your ally in this.

More because it'll help you keep your chill vibes chill. But it'll also give your mind a chance to connect with these visions (though keep in mind, not everything is set in stone.) 11 life path? I like to call it intuition, but lots of people say psychic Put energetic protection around your physical and your astral bodies. Very interesting. However, I believe the group you want is r/astralprojection

This group is very supportive and good for you to stay in as well Some may not know what you are. Perception is different for everybody. Keep in mind that those who can perceive you to an extent are sensitives and practitioners of different traditions. Most would rather not take chances. Sounds pretty interesting and I’d love to hear more about your experience. 

Now, I’ve interacted a little bit with this side of things (hence the username), and usually it’s one of a few things:

1. Beings looking to pick a fight, for sport or out of boredom. Generally a firm no will help them to back down.

2. Less experience beings mistaking you for evil. This seems to be more common as more people discover the astral and are (rightfully) paranoid. Again, be confident and calm. 

3. Energy theives or in general bad beings looking for something to gain. These require a little more work and eventually you’ll need to actively fight back or have good sheilding in place. Having such protections is a good idea regardless, it’s like a repel in Pokémon - keeps the less powerful things you don’t care about away. Don’t say “I just knew”, say “I had a hunch”. People take that much better.

I’m trying to understand how the CCTV looks into the bathroom… I feel this! It really sucks when you can tell someone has very dark energy and everyone thinks  they're great and that youre weird for not loving them too lol. I also hate it because I can tell when people are talking badly about me :( and a few times Ive definitely felt someone thinking about me sexually. It's taking me years to accept that I have these gifts as well. I feel like I found a lot of answers in non-duality. The future is not set and I have yet to find a way to not sound nutty when discussing future events.  Been dealing with this stuff for 15 years now and still learning.  The important thing is to be patient and stay calm.  Unless harmful events are coming, I usually keep it to myself. I’m in the same position and look crazy 😂 not helpful I know. Mines mainly a feeling I know when and where something is going to happen but not exactly what it is. 
I have dreams but I don’t usually realise I’ve had the dream until I’m having the experience then it all comes back and I know what’s coming next You just live with it,as usual. Grow indifferent as it is daily occurence,same as in my case.

My abilities mostly relate to vision so i grew indifferent and play around them:

>!Like if i see a black cloud moving in the corridor of my house i pretend to not notice it,otherwise missfortune will be shot at me,which i tested multiple times.!<

>!Sometimes i see something in the corner of my eye and if it is nice colour\[one of the rainbow\] i just drag its attention to me for some luck.!<

>!Sometimes i have visions of future.!<

>!Sometimes i have cryptic nightmares,my last nightmare was similar to final fantasy 4 asura trial where i was tested by 3 entities in the bodies of the kids.!<

>!Sometimes i am forced to sleep to experience a nightmare or dream of future.!<

And i am living with all of it,it's preety normal in my life and i dont talk about it outside the internet. So get used to your abilities or grow indifference to em. When I’m around others or if someone else is home with me , i speak with my guides through my mind. After all that’s how I hear them so yes ! You don’t need to speak out loud to them, they hear it all. It takes practice to discern your inner talk from theirs. Sometimes they come across as different voices and sometimes, your own. Then you have to figure out is the energy your or theirs.  I find if it’s your voice, it’s usually a weaker spirit, they can’t quite get enough together to appear different enough. 

Eventually, you can have full conversations and not a word is spoken. Practice and if you aren’t sure, ask them for signs. Maybe things are said in a way you’d never say or different choices of words or accents. 

If you set up an easy yes or no type thing, you can learn to quickly discern. Yes, they hear your thoughts. And they can see through your eyes as well as those of animals. I find that I do both lol if I lose something in my house you will hear Ok guys I can't find it and I have to leave I usually find it and say thank you and leave lol my husband got so used to it he asks me to to ask 😂 lol but I also do have quiet time in my mind with them and as I relax and meditate or listen to music especially if I astral travel they show up where I am and we talk it took me 4 years to form such a great bond but I had to get out of my own way along the way I have taught some of my clients that have become students how to #1 stop thinking 🤔 they are crazy for hearing, seeing, and feeling things, how to talk to their guides in any situation and how to form a tighter bond but you truly have to listen to your intuition and also not be afraid to talk to them some journal, some talk aloud like me at times lol 🤣 and some talk in their minds. Once you stop caring about what the world thinks it will get easier They can read our thoughts but aren't often actively doing so. I find it's best to begin any communication by mentally addressing them to begin a conversation. By name, if you know it but in my experience, they won't tell you their name. I use all sorts of made up descriptive names which I assign to those who won't tell or confirm their names, lol 

Just say In your mind that you wish to hear your guides talking to you

The best time to hear them is when you are sleepy
That's when mine usually talk to me

Your guides have probably already been talking to you but you just don't notice them


When you are sleepy before bed just pay attention to the words you are thinking

Then eventually you will hear words and then sentences that arent your thoughts but your guides communication


I first noticed my guides talking to me in my sleep
I would wake up and realize I was talking to someone

Like I was channeling my guides in my sleep

Now they occasionally talk to me when I'm tired they are very nice and encouraging

On occasion they even talk to me in my waking life but it's rare Yes they can. Any spirit can hear what goes on in your mind. They can also see alot more than we can. Hoped this helped, blessed be❤️ Yes, as long as you’re ok with it. Mine sense my emotions too and will speak to me about my emotional state. They did that a lot after my most recent breakup and it was really healing. Thank you for your reply. Sometimes I feel super aware of "little things " that I know are signs.. like its obvious and clear. Like the ones you mentioned.  I need to keep that in mind. 
I guess another question I would have is what do you call, or explain the "deep need" I feel I have to communicate with something higher? Maybe just loneliness?  If there is anything out there that can describe why one may feel that way, I'd like to know.. I really want my intuition back. I used to have excellent intuition. So I feel a strong desire to get that back and communicate with my higher self & guides.. 
I wonder if theres a way I can understand it better.
I know I'm seeking to grow. Maybe it's just as simple as that. Yes, and memories. Dude your brain is what processes your consciousness, spirits are not living beings for Christ sake If you instinctively think that the dent represents strengthen, then that's most likely the answer. Especially if that was your first gut intuitive feeling. I started noticing something like this the more I worked on my body through meditation poses and kriya yoga. A teardrop shaped dent began to form just above and between my eyebrows. I take it as a sign of balance between body and mind. You said it yourself, you get the runs. You have a physical reaction to the energy. If it was mental or all in your mind - you wouldn’t have the physical reaction. 

Blessings to you and your mom. I know this must be a difficult time for your family. 💕 I believe that white smoke is called ectoplasm. It’s pretty rare to see. The thing is that you sorta don’t know if it’s your mind playing tricks on you or not and you kind of never will. Kinda just gotta sit with it. And really at the bottom of it all, a lot of what people experience in life is a projection. Try not to get too in your head about it all. It’s easier said than done. A friend used to always tell me that I had so much head energy and the energy needed to be dispersed and released. Sometimes I try to remember this when I’m feeling what you’re feeling. No psychic will be 100% correct, ya know? Psychics read the CURRENT energy they’re seeing, feeling, hearing, etc. We all know the infamous saying that energy can’t be created nor destroyed… but it can be changed. So, I do believe our decisions can change the trajectory of our lives. I’m in no way discrediting her abilities, but be careful with putting a lot of stock in reviews stating how accurate she is. She may be accurate for others, but may not be for you…. even if she has 5 star reviews from hundreds of people. You won’t always vibe with every reader that most people vibe with or vibe with everything they say. 

I also wouldn’t stress about it either. If all else fails, trust your gut. That’s one thing that’ll never fail you. A reading is always only ever the advice & interpretation of someone, in that moment in time, from their unique perspective, filtered through their own bias, judgements and experience. 

We can be wrong. We’re only human and even the best of the best of us can’t be 100% accurate 100% of the time. Sometimes things can be right at the time of the reading, sometimes we just interpret the stuff wrong, but future predictions are even more open to change because so are we. We have free will, and so does everyone else whose actions even slightly impact ours. Future predictions don’t come with assurances or guarantees, because the future is malleable, and therefore should always be taken with a mountain of salt. You may stay on the exact same path but the people whose future will impact yours may not do.

You can change the trajectory of your life, because it regularly changes by your actions & decisions. And as I said other peoples actions change it too. Whatever energies your reader was interpreting in your reading, have changed now. They changed the minute you left, they changed as you were writing this post, they changed as people have replied to you. It’s a butterfly effect. The energies change all the time so the probabilities of your future have changed too, and your reader was telling you about the most likely probabilities in the moment of your reading. If you want something, it’s upto you to make it happen, if you want to avoid something, work to avoid it. The future is yours to shape. 

Just as a footnote, testimonials and reviews don’t always guarantee a good reader. Besides the fact they can be faked, just because someone is a great reader for your friend won’t guarantee they’re a great reader for you either. That saying about being on someone’s wavelength? There’s a lot to that! Not everyone is on the same wavelength and it’s easier to read those who are, and not as easy to read those who aren’t. Not that there’s good & bad wavelengths, just different ones. Think of it as tuning in a radio, some stations you can tune it crystal clear, some you get a lot more static and white noise. 

Only time will tell if her predictions come to pass but if she said you’re going down a road you don’t want to go, take control of things and change your direction. We can only ever give advice, it’s up to the sitter to go and implement those insights into their lives if they want to. There are infinite universes, and infinite possibilities. Some people read the most probable future given your current state, and apparent trajectory. That does not mean you’re locked into any of it. You are the creator, and you have the power to manifest the life that you want. Trust yourself above some stranger you paid $300, no matter how accurate she was about some things. Do your best not to give your power away. Starting now, take steps toward creating the future that you desire. Little adjustments today turn into big shifts down the road. Good luck! Fate is like a code, it is pre-written, but what possibility will play out is  
based on your decision.

I will try to make a parallel between this comment and your reading:  


So mb the psychic got a glimpse that you tend to upvote comments  
and based on that gave you a projection. But you can always make different decisions.

Perhaps your desired future come up when you start downvotes or giving awards   
or replying to comments.

You see the comment will remain here, but what happens with it is your decision.  
It's the same with life. You have free will, every choice changes your future timeline I always tell my clients that I can’t predict the future with 100% accuracy. At the end of the day there is free will and we are creating our own reality. You leave my reading and last minute decide to turn left instead of right and there you have it, a change could occur just like that. 

For this reason I tend to focus my readings on what needs to be done in the now time put yourself on your true path and be sitting in your highest power. My readings tend to focus on healing to get to the place where your future self will be able to make the decisions needed to be in your highest good.

Edit to add I would never tell a client that something is 100% going to happen or not happen in their lives. I am really critical of any reader who does fertility, etc readings for this reason. But everyone is different Don't stress about it. She could be wrong. Or maybe one day you'll decide you actually don't want those things. Or your position in life will change and they won't be important to you anymore. Or maybe she was just sensing that those things would require far more work for you than a different life path. Honestly though don't even stress about it From what you stated she sounds legit. Remember the very best of psychics are usually 80- 95% correct. It's nearly impossible to be 100% correct.

A psychic is a vessel used by Spirit  to bring messages to you. Spirit communicates using symbols, pictures & words the psychic has to interpret the meanings, as they themselves understand, and pass that message onto you.

I recently used this as an example of what I mean.
Spirit used an image of a painters pallette  to relay acknowledging that their person had been remodeling & painting a house.
The psychics interpretation of Spirits message was that this person was an artist, but they were not.

My point is we get bits & pieces, symbols, images or a word and we try to interpret what Spirit is showing us. 
White roses/flowers to Me represents a birth, adoption or new beginings. My psychic friend interprets white roses to mean innocence, pure heart or a passing.

There's not a guide book like a dictionary for psychic interpretation. Spirit speaks to each of us differently using what we will best understand.

I hope that makes sense and is helpful in understanding a bit about working with a psychic. I'm not familiar with most psychics, so I don't know. I used to get annoyed by tarot readings because I didn't like the outcome, but it turned out it was actually for the best and something better would come along. That could be the same for you. Also, don't put too much faith in psychics so they could be wrong and are not always accurate all of the time No one can tell your future with 100% accuracy. You have free will and can make new decisions at any time. I basically just went and did the same thing but it was a bit more costly and she started out strong actually right away talking about what I came to ask her about without having been able to ask it yet. A lot of it was interesting and accurate. 

But a good portion of it, she misunderstood my question and went off on a tangent about the wrong thing so I was discouraged. 

It made me wonder if it’s sorta like the average success of highly trained remote viewers, where they’re getting 60% or more accurate hits but there’s still 40% or less where they miss the target. 

So it makes me wonder a lot about what she said. There was a lot of ego involved on her part, she talked about herself a lot and also charged hourly. So I felt like that added $100 could have been avoided I guess. Left me wondering who tf I had just been speaking to, she left me with the weirdest vibe. I feel we define our future based on the paths that we are shown.  You are free to go on any path so, in my opinion, no one can predict your future with 100% certainty.

Good luck to you and I honestly feel no one knows your future for sure. You shouldn't let anybody tell you what you can and can't do. Do it anyway and prove them wrong. There is no linear set in stone path, there are infinite futures and possibilities, and these potential futures coalesce as probabilities, probable futures based on what you are doing now, but you can change that at anytime, by changing yourself. >How accurate is this?

Were you given a cold-reading? If so that would explain some of it. (Cold reading is a trick that charlatans use to convince you they're psychic. If you're being cold-read, chances are the person is just another charlatan.)

>Can we change the trajectory of our lives based on our decisions and our efforts

One thing I believe is that the future is often not written in stone. There are some events that are bound to happen (which are often just the continued ripples of previous choices/decisions affecting us today) but most of it is in flux.

As in, you can predict futures all you want but there's no guarantee that they'll even come to fruition. The vision being had could be a legitimate vision, but for a different universe (multiverse theory comes into play here.)

It's one of the reasons why I'm cautious about fortelling the future in my practice. Ok so... Think of it this way: you're on a path. There are some forks here and there, and you have to choose one. Your psychic looked at where the forks led, and didn't see the things you want being along any of the paths. 

In this case, to get what you'd desire, you'd have to get a machete and carve your own path to what you want. Basically your psychic is looking at what is available to you, on the paths. What you want is off the path entirely. It's not in your realm. It isn't impossible, it would just be a very difficult journey for you, perhaps even more difficult than it would be for another person. 

Let's say for example, two people want to sing. One is a nobody from a small town who just sings okay.  The other is the child of a famous singer, who also sings okay. The singer's kid has access to things that will help them become a better singer and a parent who can get them some exposure. The nobody has no tools, no way of getting exposure easily, no connections. In this case, the singer path would be easily accessed by the singer's kid, while the nobody would have to force their way there, they'd have to work ten times harder to get the same career, despite having the same amount of singing talent as the singer's kid. A psychic, at the beginning of their journey, would easily see the singer's kid in a future where they're singing for large crowds, and then they'd see the nobody working a 9-5 and maybe singing in a church choir on Sundays. Can it be changed? Probably. Future's malleable. But it would require a massive amount of hard work and sacrifice and goal oriented planning on the part of the nobody, who is disadvantaged compared to the singer's kid. I mean, it sounds like she knew a lot, based on what you’re describing. 😂 No psychic is gonna be 100% accurate, and you should always take what they tell you with a grain of salt. Don’t let a reading dictate how you approach your life. You’re in charge. Maybe this is the exact advice you needed right now to help your fulfil your destiny? If you catch my drift. I am late to this conversation but really wanted to encourage you that the future is fluid.  Anything is possible at any time, and ultimately you are in charge of the trajectory of your life.  I understand it can be disappointing to get a reading like this because we see people - like famous or well known psychics - as authorities on the future.  The truth is, you are the authority, and you mustn't give your power away to someone in the hopes of finding comfort in what they tell you.  

So many really good answers in the thread already, just wanted to give you mine. No one can predict with certainty your future as it's fluid. You have control over it.
I have changed my own. Time is always changing and so is life. I wouldn’t out much thought into it. Something that could have happened two seconds ago could be null within another second Whatever you believe is true. Believe you can create your own destiny and follow through. I used to believe in tarot. All of it was BS, honestly. And I speak from experience and that was the last straw. Today, if I come across tarot I just politely decline. Serves me right for wanting to know what’s going to happen. As humans, we just need to take a frickin step back and walk through our lives the way it was meant to be. I dont want to be looking over my shoulder every 5 mins or expecting some miracle just bec a psychic or tarot reader said so. Theres a lot of disappointment if it doesnt come true. And a lot of heartbreak and stress too. Free yourself from this. Live life as it happens. And lower your expectations. I wouldn't listen to anyone who tells me something will not happen with confidence. If anything, I will live to prove them wrong. Why someone like her is famous is beyond me. Maybe she sensed you needed a push and used reverse psychology on you?

*What's Really Going To Bake Your Noodle Later On Is, Would You Still Have Broken It If I Hadn't Said Anything?* Who is this psychic. Are you allowed to name names? Not sure what the rules are on this sub. Yes you can absolutely change the trajectory of your life. Especially when you know what’s coming. [removed] By what you described, famous psychic with heavy accent - i'm wondering if you saw the long island medium? that's why imo paying fortune tellers money is waste of money Letting a psychic tell you what you can and can't do dumb  anyway it a matter of if you do it not so much anything else Hopefully that guy who copy pastes their method will show up, I should really save that comment myself lol. 

Essentially you wanna learn how to meditate, then once you're able to clear your mind of wandering thoughts and emotions, you can begin to set a space for your guides to come through. A popular method is to envision an open, peaceful place where they can show up, and where you can always go back when you want to meet up with them. Other things go into it such as grounding and shielding to ensure that you're able to connect with the right energies. But being able to meditate and push any personal crap out of the way is key to having a strong connection. Automatic writing is a great technique, Gabby Bernstein has a good video on YouTube. We have a couple of guides in the sub wiki that might help you! 
The first is an art ticket about meditation that then goes on to discuss how to meet your spirit guides so scroll past the first bit if you aren’t interested although a good meditation practise would definitely help

https://www.reddit.com/r/Psychic/wiki/index/faq?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf

The other is a ‘how to connect to your spirit guides’ from the best of section of the sub. Hope these help some? 

https://www.reddit.com/r/Psychic/comments/76lobf/how_to_contact_your_spirit_guide/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf Do it in a lucid dream Look on YouTube for Guided Meditation to meet your Guides.  There are tons there. 💜 > Then she ended with someone cursing my mom when she was pregnant, but I ended up absorbing it. Claimed that all the positive things she said about my future can come true if I go through a ($300) cleanse. That’s when I called bullshit and felt so hurt because I was genuinely getting emotional in the beginning. I kindly declined and left.

You did the right thing for sure. This is a common manipulation tactic to extract as much money as possible from vulnerable clients. Those neon signs combined with "open 24 hours" are two red flags on their own, so it's no surprise that it escalated to the "pay me more to lift your curse!" bit lol. *No one* who uses those neon signs is legit from what I've seen, it's just an easy way to grab people's attention who are bored, lonely, or desperate, not unlike a flashy strip club sign tbh.

In order to find someone who has a serious practice, it's best to become familiar with your local spiritual community and use word of mouth recommendations. If there is a magick store nearby that has a good reputation, that can be a good place to start since they tend to hold community events or be attached to other people or things in the area. Reddit seems to have some helpful folks too - there's a subreddit that actually verifies people's abilities before they're allowed to advertise services but I forget what it's called [removed] Stay the hell away from anyone that says "future can come true if I go through a ($300) cleanse". This is why I don't put too much stock in the visions of fortune tellers and other professional "psychics."

Too many charlatans out there. So many that it's damn near impossible to get a decent reading (the genuine psychics out there aren't usually plying their services.)

EDIT: That last bit, about the curse, that's one of the oldest scam openers ever. As you noticed, they end up trying to dazzle you into thinking you have a curse and they (fascinatingly enough) have the solution and that's where they get you. The readings they offer are more like "how to detect a rube gullible enough to fall for my scam." I am not psychic, only answering from my experiences, the others are right, it is a scam! And it’s very wise of you to ask here. This is where I’ve learned so much about what to expect and how not to get scammed. I unfortunately before finding this page, fell for the scam… and lost alot of money just hoping it would help me out of the lonely place I was in. It didn’t… the person took my money and ghosted me soon afterwards. There are real healers. I personally like to see what people write on these threads, get a sense for how they are and what they do. And sometimes I will reach out to someone because I feel drawn to them for some reason, and if they are accepting or willing I will pay them for a reading. Also, the free readings they offer here are great!!!!! So many gifted people willing to help! It’s really nice that they do this ❤️❤️ I don't understand the sexual assault connect entirely, nor did I see the post,  but it makes me feel sad with what I think it might mean. So big hugs friend. I have no insight into how to become one and i cant explain my universe connect well to others. But you've put your intentions out to the universe and my heart caught your post, so be kind to yourself. Take deep breaths. Never blame yourself. And ask for the universe to guide you. And know someone out there knows you're asking for guidance, so i am thinking of you.  

But also know, no amount of telepathy can prevent sexual assault. No matter the strength,  no one can fully predict the actions of others. It was not a lack of sense on your part, it was the unpredictableness of someone entirely out of tune with the universe and who chose to engage in actions to harm someone else, i think of it as an intentional harm to self, a person like that. How sad one must be.... That is the imbalance in our world, others harming others intentionally.  But I do feel your soul seeking answers and understanding.  I have been there maybe in similar ways, or maybe not. Just know, know, know, it wasn't your fault. Why is sexual assault “lol” to you…? Magic mushroomed will insight telepathy but you have to be outstandingly careful. Telepathy is like a mist and even the softest gentlest breeze will wash it away. It’s almost better to just not even think about it or try to get to it. I’ve experienced telepathy a few times and it’s not all that it’s cracked up to be. It’s fascinating for sure, but I really urge caution when seeking telepathy. Result of too much propaganda in this world. It can be done. I don't wish to reveal the secret here.

Trataka meditation with a specific object will work. You can figure it out if you work on it >telepathic "sexual assault"

What sad, insecure, oversensitive and paranoid excuse of a person would accuse someone else of something that happens only in his/her own mind and ruin their lives? Or maybe is looking for attention, like most teenagers. You have to be very aware of what are your own thoughts and own energy versus something that comes from the external world. It's very easy to develop if you have close family members or friends to experiment with. Next time you're alone with someone try to quiet your mind completely. You need to be in that quiet daydreaming state aka "Alpha brain state" without having the normal daydream or self-thoughts. It's not that hard especially if  you have experience meditating. It's a quiet yet alert state. Easy to pick up on things around especially small sounds. Then you might pick up on the thoughts and energies of others.

Eventually you'll start hearing small things like. "Hmm this food is delicious" or "OP looks very sleepy tired or something" Those small benign thoughts that humans have every now and then. That's their inner voice you're picking up on. You need to be able to focus on something without even looking at it if that makes sense. As another poster said Trataka meditation will help. Developing focus on an object and becoming one with it starts to engage that psychic muscle that you use to pick up on energy. Once you have a lock on their "vibe" you'll be able to tap in. Then once you develop that connection with humans you can start sending them your own thoughts thus "telepathy". You'll start realizing that some people around you will be more open psychically open. Even animals have their own simple thoughts too. Dogs and cats especially since they're around us often.

Take care in this journey though, because opening up those secret faculties can change your whole life up. Maybe you'll pick up on the thoughts of your significant other and youll find out they dont really love you or maybe you'll pick up on the thoughts of those people you thought were your friends at work but actually are being super fake behind your back. You start becoming a "human lie detector". And a lot of people do not have pretty internal worlds. Opening a psychic connection with toxic individuals is super draining.

Hope that helps. Limiting sugar and not using flouride toothpaste seems to help too. There are certain illicit substances that you smoke or pick off the poo of cows that help open you up too, but I do not condone any illegal activities. Living in nature helps as well. Anything that helps you understand silence and the absence and presence of energy is good.

&#x200B;

Ask and ye shall receive 🙏 Pondering the orb 🔮

Crystal balls aren’t the easiest thing for scrying. You have to get the set up just right and have a good quality ball. Nothing wrong with using them. I’m glad yours is working for you. 

Black mirrors and other reflective surfaces work just as well but are more user friendly. A clean tablet screen (tablet off) or the like work. 

My favorite thing to scry in is a bowl (or small black cauldron) with Earl Grey tea in it. I bought an obsidian scrying disk I haven't used it yet but would love to learn how I love my crystal ball. I think it makes people think I’m a freak but whatever. It has opened up my third eye lots of times and it is great for visualizing. Really anything can open up the third eye though, I could meditate my focus on a chair or something and could get the thing open, but something about crystal balls I love. I have a clear quartz crystal ball and a lot of times I visualize it as my perfectly clear mind, and then work with it whenever something pops into it. I’ve thought about getting another but it’s not like I shit money and I don’t need to get addicted to buying crystal balls and stones. Not sure if I can be of any help, but I am a psych major and I can try to explain this phenomenon. I also deal with sleep paralysis as a child and even now as an adult. I thought that it was due to spirits, but I learned that it’s simply a nightmare. You scare yourself so bad in your sleep that you wake yourself up while you’re still dreaming. Hence why you can’t move or speak. You are viewing your dream in “real life”. I believe it 100%, but I’m sure you can have other opinions. Hope this helps you out even a little! Also keep in mind the time zone you were born in How different is the time? No. They can't but you might can through regressive hypnosis. It's best to o trust hospital records and your birth certificate. I've heard they can for a fee, but I don't really trust it. What I did was compare where my rising sign was placed at certain times on the day I was born which I think narrowed it down to a 2 hour window. See which rising sign fits the best, and then compare it to those times you have on your birth certificate, etc This damn word is thrown around way too fucking much. People will believe anything to escape the boring reality She thought of your first,manifestxher :)) You are experiencing precognition.  It is not worth worrying about, although that is the natural reaction when it starts happening.  Like most things in life, it can be scary at first but you eventually get used to it.  Over time, you may even be able to manage it to the point where you can look forward consciously while you are awake.  If you are anything like me, not everything you see will come to pass as the future is not set in stone.  Speaking from experience, I have yet to find a way of warning people where you do not sound insane.  Keep a journal and always know that you are not the only one who has to deal with this. Same. For years and years. You aren’t alone One of the most cursed gifts to have. I usually just try to block them out. It’s a very isolating experience. And seeing and not being able to do anything about it is just the most helpless of feelings. Pure torture. I've been having a lot of dreams recently about a person. There all events that have never happened so im curious if they will happen some day. They are based on conversations that happened in the pass. Deep bonds are common in intimate relationships.  It is very common for a couple to share a psychic bond.  My ex wife and I could read each other's thoughts.  You are not crazy in the least. I could pick up that my exe wife cheated when she was 1200 miles away. And 2 days later when she got home I got my confirmation. I picked up on it just by the feel of her text messages. They just seemed different than her normal ones. I’ve had the same dreams with one ex on the same night. I had a dead relative come to me in a dream and say something and my aunt had the same exact dream, I only found out because my cousin told me about it. Another ex and I saw each other as children at the same moment. Not see see but in our minds. Hard to explain! When you have a deep connection and sensitivity, you can have some unique experiences. Tarot cards are used for answering your questions sooo.

Ideally you would sit down, relax and meditate a bit. Focus on intention of connecting to your spirit guides. Ask them to asnwer your questions through cards. Then ask question and lay out the cards. Spirit guides will answer through your cards.

Simple. Meditate on a question, develop a ritual for pulling cards (I simply shuffle mine and look at them, reversed, to see which ones I want)

Then interpret them, settle with whatever you choose.

I usually pull 3 but you can do whatever you want as long as you know what they're each for.

If I was you, I'd use them to figure out a focal point for contact, as in pull cards that tell you what energy you should use to reach them. Each of us experience our abilities slightly differently, even within a group of people who all share the same type of ability, how we experience it may differ person to person. There isn’t a right way, or a wrong way, just your way, and that’s perfectly okay. Similarly how we develop them can differ too. Some of us find it’s a natural thing, some of us have to work on them. Most of us agree though that a good start is having a sound meditation practise. And yes, there are many many different types of traditional and non-traditional ways to meditate too. The aim is to quieten the day-to-day mind chatter we all have, and then we can hear/see/feel whatever it is our intuition is telling us more clearly.   

I’ll link you to an article in the sub wiki about meditation. It’s a good starting point if you don’t know where to start, and it covers grounding, blocking and shielding too - also essential skills in developing (and managing) any form of psychic ability. See if this helps any but give it time, it takes patience and won’t happen overnight. If this form of meditation doesn’t work for you, don’t worry, just try an online search and find another form of meditation that appeals and does works for you, it doesn’t have to be cross-legged chanting or intense hours in uncomfortable poses, there’s a lot of different types of non-traditional meditation including guided, nature walks, forest bathing, gardening, artistic pursuits, playing musical instruments and the important thing is finding whatever you like, want to do and appeals to you. Enjoy! 

https://www.reddit.com/r/Psychic/wiki/index/faq?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf By chanting mantra,or intense meditation you can get such ability through dreams or visons..

Diet play a important role too..

My pov ✅ I have been having similar experiences since I was 8 years old.  You are definitely not alone and do not sound crazy at all to me. This is pretty typical of people in this community. A lot of children are born with these gifts and forget them or are shunned out of them by their parents but some don’t feel these impacts. I have astral projections and very vivid lucid dreams. Also have a lot of mood swings, I think because of the energy of the people around. But I don't know whether it's just my mind or I'm absorbing the energy of people! Lol, for being one of us, very normal. Tho, do be careful. Admitting this you will get an inbox full of people wanting you to tell them if their SO is cheating on them or if you can make their other half live them more, for free of course. They don’t wanna pay. 

Otherwise, welcome! As you know, these abilities can make your personal life difficult as you may not always want to say something to someone and the biggest downfall is that so many suffer all the time, to feel that constantly can bring you down. 

Learn to protect your energy. The brighter you shine, the more attractive you are to everything. Good and bad. I wish I could tell you how, but I’m still working on that. 

This path is not easy and it’s easy for others to take advantage of you. The trick is to not become bitter. 

I pray you find ways to keep your sanity. Most of us have prbly exp same. Many of us started at a very young age. I was lucky enough to have a grandmother and father who could teach me.

One of the most important things I learned as an empth, and it sounds like you’re an empath as well as a medium, is to protect myself. Each morning I have a prayer ritual into which I have incorporated my projection ritual. I encourage you to find/develop one for yourself. I would also encourage you to attend classes that will help you develop your skills and manage them. you are gifted I also experience these things, from a young age but esp increasing recently. You are gifted. Hi. I just joined because I’m struggling with a very specific piece of information I’ve intuited and was looking for advice too. You aren’t alone. I’ve had abilities since I was a teenager and I’m in my 40’s now. It’s been lonely a lot and I’ve felt crazy a lot, been told I was psychotic and was medicated. I also have abused substances a lot to deal with it. I was lucky to find others in various places with similar abilities and it’s so nice to meet others! I feel like my ability has lessened as I get older and you just learn to live with it. Feel free to chat me yes i experience all of this too omg [removed] I wish I was born like this I also see auras. I see heat signatures from things as well, weird stuff like the heat trail left by tires from cars driving. I have exceptional hearing. I’ve been tested a few times, and each time they explain that I have the best hearing they have seen in anyone. I can hear vibrations, and feel vibrations. I am extremely sensitive to vibrations coming off of electronic devices as well as fluorescent lights, sometimes I have to leave the room it can become too overwhelming. Not sure if vibration is the right word but that’s how I describe it. I can also hear bats echolocation. I ask people if they can hear it and they look at me like I’m insane. I can locate where something is immediately just by listening in on it. Like a bird chirping in a tree amongst a forest I can pinpoint where it’s at right away. Animals aren’t really afraid of me, unless I am with other people. Have had dreams that have come true. And can feel what other people are thinking. I say feel because I can’t hear their thoughts but I can almost feel them, it’s hard to explain. Everyone in my opinion has gifts and abilities, it just depends on how open they are to them. :) it’s cool that people are sharing more about their gifts. Love hearing about it. And how old are u now It's definitely not assault.

If they all of a sudden say in your head, "Cut it out!", or something similar, you really should direct your thoughts elsewhere.  Fantasize about someone else.  Feelings have to be mutual. I don’t see anything wrong with fantasizing about someone. We are human at the end of the day and do fantasize about people, life, the future, etc. I think that once this person made it clear they were receiving this energy and it made them uncomfortable and you were to continue regardless of this confrontation- then it becomes an issue. Otherwise then i don’t see a problem. It’s human to fantasize. I would obviously apologize to this person and tell them your sorry for making them uncomfortable, it was not your intent to make them uncomfortable, you didn’t know and that you don’t do it anymore. I would moving forward ask this person in general what there telepathic boundaries are. If they are sensitive to thought/energy in general then maybe ask if there are boundaries and things you can do to take the pressure off if it’s overwhelming for them. Also be prepared moving forward if this person acts or perceives you differently. If you are here to learn, then we must allow you to make mistakes. 

Did your energy get in their space? Maybe. There are many ways for someone to pick up on your fantasies about them. Telepathy is only one way. Clairvoyance and clairsentience can do it. And it gets more complicated because different people will interpret what you are doing differently. 

Learning to be aware of your own energy is the first step. Then you can learn to control it. Everybody has telepathic abilities, but only a few can actually understand them and differentiate them for any practical use. 

Everyone you've ever thought about is aware in some level of it. 

Poor grandma. Simple just don’t think 👍 I mean, you should be able to be 100% safe in your own head. If someone else is psychic they can learn to block you out IMO Yo thoughts ain’t my thoughts, next caller Many things are situationally dependent. I wouldn't worry about karma and labels right now, and would sincerely apologize and humbly respect this person's understandable decisions or uneasiness with you, going forwards. If they feel that way, that's valid and you should accept that. That doesn't change wether you knew or did not at the moment. Not assault.

People are allowed to have private thoughts.
If they Are telepathic, they should be able to shield themselves from others thoughts, and let others have their privacy. Well they should be able to block any unwanted telepathic communications. I believe you should be able to fantasize about what you want. On one hand, no one belongs in your head. 

On a different hand though, thoughts are rarely just thoughts, and can often translate into words or actions (think glancing at someone too often), and someone who doesn’t even want you thinking about the two of you together very likely doesn’t want those accompanying words or actions. Be careful, be aware, be mindful <3 It’s your head, your thoughts our yours if they don’t like it they don’t have to be there

They shouldn’t be ease dropping there in first place Tell them to bugger off and stay out of your head. They are unjustly intruding in your personal space, violating boundaries in a very unsettling way. It's your mind ffs, they can't police your thoughts. My pos psycho neighbors try to do this all the time and they are the biggest predatory scumbags I know 
Great question. 

It probably doesn't develop karma unless you refuse to clean up your intentions and continue to emit possessive sexual energy at her regardless of the fact you know she doesn't want it. 

Intentions scream loud and clear on the frequency front, as you know, even if they aren't physically acted out. 

Begin to respect her as a soul and commit to treating her as such. Commit to not thinking about her body and see the internal being instead. This will cancel out any karma.

And yes, it is a bit like psychic sexual assault when a woman can feel your energy and it's not reciprocal. No it’s not. Period. When I was young and an uncontrolled psychic mess, I actually had a psychic, well, psychically block me. I needed that lesson. I also had some weird shit happen with a man I had a very sexual relationship with like 5 years ago. It could be psychic attack, but you’ve gotta listen to your intuition. Very low chance it's so impactful it makes them uncomfortable. It'll just be a whisper and a vague feeling to them. If they're so tuned in that they're deeply affected by other's thoughts and emotions, then they're bound to have so many other things flowing through them that sexual fantasies will be relatively easy to accept and probably inconsequential. That is, unless they like you back, or have some other personal investment in your sexuality. That's when its more likely to potentially become messy, good or bad. Bro whatever goes on in your head is your business no one else’s don’t worry about it if someone that’s telepathic is being nosy they’re the ones in the wrong imo. Your thoughts can’t hurt anyone except you if you let them. I was so intensely thinking about sex that telepathic police knocked at my telepathic door a couple of times, in the end the telepathic judge gave me a restricting order to stay at least at 500 telepathic meters from that woman. Not assault - also telepathy takes two - one to send and one to receive. I send back whatever is not for my highest good (which is my responsibility as the receiver). Especially understanding that others have little understanding or control sometimes of what they are sending. Lol Repression leads to an unhealthy explosion later. That being said they may think that it is them who is having the thoughts so become confused. If they find out it was you, I would imagine it would be flattering at best and kind of funny at worst I mean, it’s really based on the situation and intent. Think of it like a criminal trial - intent and what you do about it matter a lot. Someone who apologizes and goes to the cops after commuting a crime gets off easier than someone who doesn’t. Coming clean to yourself and recognize in f you did something wrong, and commuting to avoiding that behavior in the future will definitely do you good just let it be i’d say… not healthy to control or suppress those thoughts😊 They wouldn't allow it if they didn't like you well, you're in their world so it means they're accepting sex, its just a sign and simply says the person wants sex. you got a heads up, whats wrong? The word you are looking for is ‘fantasy’? What utter nonsense. Assault? No I don't think it is. During my learning phase, without me meaning to, I'd pick up thoughts from others that were energeticly connected to me. (Someone was worried about me, mad with me, sending good vibes, whatever). 

With that, I once I saw an old friend who used to have a crush on me meany years ago and I picked up INTENSE sexual energy immediately. Like they were fantasizing about me in a sexual way at that very moment. 

I hated it. It made me feel disgusting, but I excused myself to the bathroom and purposefully cleared my energy feild and shielded myself and it went away. Outside of their thoughts, the person was respectful and not at all preditory.

People are going to think about whatever they're going to think about. It's my job to manage my own energetic feild and sheild effectively. So long as no physical actions are taken or said, it's fine. their fault for being telepathic :/ I have actually really been wondering the same the past days. I think if you realized it made them uncomfortable, you should stop and apologize :) Have you also been sharing stuff on social media or with people who you think are friends? I would just try to empathize with them. So in this particular case I would honestly entertain what it’s like to be on the receiving end of sexual assault. If it’s hard to do with just my imagination then maybe I’ll watch a show or movie where this is happening to someone. If I can’t handle full on sexual assault then I’ll start smaller like a scene where someone is being creeped out in a sexual way. If I start feeling those negative emotions then it’s working. Then all I need to do is listen to and process the emotions.

After that I’ll have a better understanding of that entire dynamic and it will be clear whether I actually did anything wrong or not. No it's not. Loooool are you serious bro? Like, wtf. If we can’t even own the fuckin thoughts in our heads what can we call ours in this world? If anything it’s an invasion of privacy for them to be reading your thoughts without permission. lol!!!! equivalent!!??? men think about sex every, what, 5 or 30 seconds... and women know they if they will have sex with you or not,  within 5 seconds of meeting you... 

Energies are energies, they exist intentionally or unintentionally and THEY should also be learning to protect themselves from whatever is out that THEY think need protection from now that THEY are becoming more sensitive to energies or dimensions. Your thoughts are a natural process and THEY will get the karma they deserve for trying to influence your freewill for their ignorance. like the old saying says.. .with great power yadda yadda yadda. Next time tickle their ass with your mind... see if they feel it. Bro wtf is this sub I don’t get what feels like movie reels at all, but I definitely have images pop in my minds eye. And  they always come in between that stage of wakefulness and sleeping. Once I had this cute little boy stomping around in mud puddles in the rain, wearing yellow rain boots and a yellow raincoat with the cute little yellow hat. Actually that one was like a video. I wasn’t thinking of anything in that moment, was just falling back asleep and there he was. Day before yesterday I had a young man wearing a clean white t-shirt with blue lettering on it. But when I try to focus and make out more details I wind up losing the images altogether. It’s my favorite thing ever to have those because wherever they are coming from they never coincide with where my thinking is at the time. But it’s difficult for me to put myself in that headspace and I have no clue how to capture them and hold on. All I know is that the harder I try to the quicker they go poof and disappear. When you see images when waking up, they are called Hypnopompic Hallucianations.

When you falling asleep, they are Hypnogogic Hallucinations. 

They are images/dreamlets of a starting dream.

You can use them to enter a lucid dream. You can find your method, but what worked for me was: I found a spot in the image and said deliberately I... AM... THERE. That literally wooshed me into the image and when I was standing in the middle of it, my environment changed into 3D and I was inside of it, surrounded on all sides.

Or, you can try to stand up or roll out of your body by mentally giving yourself a command to roll to the side, as when you are turning to get up from the bed. When you just think it, your dream body will move and you will find yourself in a dream/astral, which will most likely be in the form of your bedroom.

If you miss your chance this time, next time be ready : ) Or just enjoy the images/movies. They can be startlingly beautiful and interesting. I'm clairvoyant. Spirit/my Team bring me messages by way of showing me pictures, symbols and a quick film like action. 

They bring messages in a way I will most understand.
Example; 
I was at work sitting at my desk. Suddenly in my minds I  was shown many, many people standing in a long line. The line of people faced left, walking to the left. Their shoulders drooped down & they were shuffling very slowly in the line. 
They all appeared sad or in despair.
I felt a feeling of loss & my heart felt heavy. Then a saw (what felt like myself) a person joining the line not at the end of the line, but in the middle. 

In 2008 alot of people were losing their jobs due to the failing economy. 
I felt that what I'd been shown was a message that I would be joining the hundreds that were suffering the effects of the economy. 
     Six days later I was laid off and found myself standing in line at the unemployment offices.

13 months later I received a call from a company offering a job interview. As I was telling my husband about the interview my Team was showing me a symbol. A small circle & five arrows around the circle pointing towards it and the arrows were moving back & forth towards the circle. 

I took that message to mean that this was the company that was going to hire me. They did.

Anyway that is how Spirit communicates with me.
I'm also clairaudient & clairsentient, but my strength is clairaudient. 
I feel you are definitely clairvoyant. 🙏💜 I’ve experienced this twice! I was playing cards with my husband and dad til like 2 or 3 in the morning and once I laid down to go to sleep and closed my eyes I saw stars in a dark purple sky. I thought that was weird so I opened my eyes again and closed them and it happened again. Usually when I close my eyes it’s just pitch black but that night I was seeing stars like perfectly which freaked me out because I’m nearsighted YES! It's what gets me interested in the topic. I don't know why I get that or what causes it. I wonder if there is a way to develop that into something. I love your user name!!  I’ve had this experience twice now, since my spiritual awakening. The first time it was like someone was holding a book open, close to my eyes, so that I could read a specific paragraph.  The book was moving a bit, just like it would if someone was holding it.  There was a message of four sentences that seemed important so I wrote them down in my journal once I came to. 

The other time, it felt sort of like a movie, but it was also like I was there.  It lasted only about 5 seconds. I was a lady in long skirts, standing in a dusty street like in the old American west (cowboy days). There was a smartly dressed man in an old black suit facing me, looking around frantically. There was chaos in the street, people running around and something big and bad was happening, we were trying to figure out what to do. Then it was over! 

I’ve heard this called the hypnagogic phase, but I’m not sure. I think that’s what it’s called. I’ve heard that all kinds of things can happen during the hypnagogic phase (between waking and sleeping), like messages from guides, past life memories, and visits from guides or loved ones on the other side. 

So maybe a google search on hypnagogic phase will help you find something! Good luck! Yes this has happened me twice now and I had no idea what was going on. When i closed my eyes I seen a ‘movie’ and as you described it’s very quick but I noticed the images seem to have a grain, almost like an old movie. Would definitely like to know more about what this is When I close my eyes, I see shapes and some really muted colors (yellow, green, blue…). It’s almost like a less colorful version of a kaleidoscope. Yes. Your gut will know. Literally! Ask yourself questions you know the answer to, and really think about how it makes you feel. 

For example, say “I’m a purple gorilla” and see how that makes you feel. Then follow it up with saying “I’m ZorbhaTheBuddha” and see if that feels different! 

Continue experimenting with statements and how your body reacts to them. Use that to hone your intuition! This is one of the most challenging things to do because the imagination can be incredibly detailed and believable.

How to discern the difference? Well, first off do some shadow-work so you can deal with your negative impulses. Also, meditation is said to work by allowing you to become familiar with what the natural texture of your thoughts feels like so you can differentiate it from things coming to you from the other realms.

EDIT: But I've been doing this for more than 10 years and I still have difficulty discerning between imagination and intuition. So don't chide yourself if you're having difficulty... most of us do. You’ll be able to tell with practice. When you know, you know Fake intuition is usually caused by anxieties and fears. Real intuition does not come with anxiety and fear. You will know in your gut that something is not right but it won't cause a panic attack. Your real intuition will tell you when the time is right. If it doesn't tell you, you weren't meant to know. The truth comes as you need it, simply remain open and observe. My intuition comes without thought. It's a strong or intense knowing deep within.

There's no questioning, it just is and without having to have thought about it.

If you have to question " it", it's not intuition.
If you just know without a doubt, it intuition. They're obviously not spirit guides but trickster spirits from the lower astral. I'd do a banishing ritual and white light protection technique daily until they feck off. Somebody who had your best interests at heart wouldn't use and manipulate you in this way and they certainly wouldn't lie. They shouldn’t be distracting you while you’re driving… so it’s possible it’s simply a lonely spirit. I would practice shielding and state affirmations that you only allow benevolent entities who hold unconditional love for you, and only want the best for you to interact with you. 

Regardless, I would put your foot down and not tolerate being lied to. Definitely smells of them seeing you as ignorant and vulnerable and using you as a toy. Be confident, tell them no - out loud if you have to, practice shielding and affirmations Don't tolerate any behavior in an entity relationship that you wouldn't in a human one. They can hurt you without meaning it, they can use you on purpose, and they can also be great. You gotta give them the boot if they are making you unhappy or making your life worse. I agree with the majority; these are not your spirit guides. 

Along with clear intentions consider smudging your space/whole house with sage. Move the smoke into each corner, every doorway and window while repeating aloud:
 
 "I cleanse this space of all negative energy and spirits wishing to do harm. Only positive energy of Divine light & love may enter this space. You are not welcome. I demand you leave this space now, never return, go into the light."
🤍💜🙏 It's also hard to get accurate pendulum readings when you're holding the tool as your body will always have micro movements. It's best used on a stand. Oh boy, ok- lock it out. Anything that isn’t there for hugest best, is lying, is manipulative, it makes you feel anxious or creeped out is not good.

Especially if they can move your body. I had this experience ( making sigils,  finger pointing, and almost using my computer keyboard like a ouijiboard) this was a lower vibrational being. I had to do a good deal of work to banish it, but the important thing is your don’t let it in- it’s a form of consent.

They can get in through grey area but if you say you’re a sovereign being and you do not consent to messages from any being/entity/groups/ or programs ( yes, all of those) which are trying to communicate through you but are not in service to others, or highest best timeline for you- that will help weed them out.

Don’t talk to the low vibrational energies, it can feel exciting but it won’t end well and it will take you in circles. whenever i use anything, i always make a point to ask for a response from 'energies of the highest good.'

i feel confident that saying something like that when asking anything keeps lower level energies from posing as a guide, or whatever Yes, thay can I'm sorry for what you're going through. I can feel you anguish and pain.

It's important to understand that even the most gifted & greatest psychics are typically 85 - 95% correct. It would be extremely rare almost impossible to be 100% each & everytime.

When we receive information from Spirit often times it comes through as a symbol, picture maybe a word. We have to interpret what it means then pass that along to you.

Example; I very gifted medium told me, during a reading, that my grandmother had come forward. She was showing him a painters pallet. He asked if I was an artist? I am not. He said she's telling you are. I repeated no. He asked do you want to be an artist, maybe water colors? Again I said no. He said she very insistent that you are a painter, but maybe it something you'll become interested in doing one day. 

I left feeling confused, kinda cheated in a way bc I felt someone had come through, but I wasn't for me. 

The next morning I headed over to a house we were remodeling. I walked into the empty house grabbed a paint brush, rag and paint to continue the painting we had been doing. In that very moment it hit me.. I'm PAINTING! I sat on the floor sobbing & laughing at the same time, called out loud to my grandmother.

So my point is the symbol he received he interpreted to mean I was an artist. Was the message he was given wrong? No. Was his interpretation wrong? Yes.

I'm not at all sure that I've explained this well, but I hope it helpful.

Something else to consider. You mentioned seeking out many readings. Do you think perhaps subconsciously you have a specific answer you're wanting to hear and without realizing it you keep seeking more answers,, but feel you not heard the right one yet??

I wish you well sweet soul. 💜🤍🙏 I find that bouncing from psychics even though I realize it's a common term because so many of us get bunched together can be very dangerous and disheartening for some people because they are looking for a specific answer which can lead them to anyone because they are desperate for closure and peace and that can lead for a psychic hunt I usually use the term spiritual advisor because my gifts encompass other things.  If they tell you they gave you a date with certainty it's very rare because you are working with " freewill" and other peoples choices that can and will change your outcome ... Some will tell you what you want to hear because they can sense your desperate need for closure and others will string you along over time. The first thing I tell a client is I am here to tell you what I see and what you ask but sweetheart I can not tell you what you simply want to hear because then I'm not helping you at all. Going to bunches of them is going to leave you confused, frustrated, and leave you feeling lost sweetheart ✨ if you are going to continue on your treck give yourself some time in between and ask yourself what is it that I really want to know and why. If the situation surrounds a great deal of grief Grief is a whole monster in itself. When you do this work you have to be able to treat the whole person not throw answers at them and go This is an old pet peeve of mine, and so I’ll share this with you for educational purposes. DO NOT SEE MULTIPLE READERS FOR THE SAME ISSUE. Things are very fluid and the more you poke the bear the more likely he will bite you. 

A thing to remember is a lot of factors go into what answer you get - your energy, that of the reader, and that of your mindset. So I’m very emotional situations you’ll probably get skewed predictions. They may not be impossible to be true, but will probably be less likely than if you were in a neutral mindset and energy. 

Second, the actions of the past influence the future. By getting a reading you change your mindset, which influences the next reading and so on, until the waters are so muddy the if k you’re getting is 100% useless It could be that the psychics you went to weren't actually psychic.

It happens. Not every psychic reader has any psychic ability... it's why cold-reading is so prevalent (and if they're cold-reading you, they're not psychic, they're just trying to scam you.) well you can ask for the information and meditate on the question.  We all have all these gifts its just about when then come on for each person is different so you do have these gifts but you need to work them like a muscle. You can also ask for the information in a dream or by a asking for a specific sign..take control of your reality and ho you get messages from spirit. Also psychics are not all pulling information from the same timeline is what is happening with you, what you need is the information from your highest time line / from the highest good for you as a being at this time. always set those intentions when asking for information or energy healing. The future is mutable. It changes everytime you look into it so yes, you're gonna get different answers each time.

You're looking for closure, and peace, and you're not gonna find that from a psychic, or anyone or anything. That's gonna from you. If it's meant to be then it's going to happen, regardless. Let it go. You’re the best psychic for yourself Stay positive & I suggest you listen to 528hz or 639 hz frequency and think through of the WHY you will gradually start to get some answer.. 

Just like a math problem, when we don't know how to solve we keep reading the questions repeatedly until we find a way to the answer ... Assuming she isn’t a fraud telling you what you want to hear (which is my default assumption about professional psychics until proven otherwise) there is a little issue with this kind of prediction. 

Predicting the future can lead to self fulfilling prophecy or even manifestation of the predicted future with sufficient focus and intent. It can also collapse the futures away from the desired or predicted future by either change your behavior or even instilling what is called “lust of results.”  This is where you focus so hard on the desire of a thing that you become subconsciously attached to the desire. This makes manifesting the desired outcome difficult. You just can’t let the desire go long enough for it to manifest. 

So can it be predicted? Probably. Though the farther away in time the harder to predict it becomes. 

Can obsessing over the prediction cause them to crash and burn? Yep. 

So basically, don’t worry about it. Trust your future fiancé to nail the timing and don’t worry about it so much. 

Did I mention don’t worry? That’s a loaded and tricky question. A reading is only ever advice from your reader based on their interpretation of the energies, at the moment in time of the reading, from their unique viewpoint, filtered through your readers knowledge, bias and experience. Any ‘predictions’ therefore are at best only probabilities based on those energies. And those energies change, they changed the day after the reading, they changed the week after, they changed since you wrote this post, and since I replied to it. The future is malleable. You have free will - and so does everyone else whose actions even slightly interfere with your own. 

That’s why no reader should ever give you any guarantees or assurances - we just can’t because it doesn’t work like that - and you should take any predictions with a mountain of salt. 

And also keep in mind that even the best of the best readers can’t boast 100% accuracy 100% of the time. We can be wrong. Maybe that was genuinely what we saw at the time of the reading, maybe we misinterpreted something, doesn’t mean we’re fakes, just that we’re human.

That said, some readers can make accurate future predictions. I don’t like dealing in predictions but I’ve had some pretty wild ones become scarily accurate. That happens too. I’ve also had some really accurate ones but the timing has been off, some by weeks, some by as much as a year. And everyone has had predictions that couldn’t have been further from what actually came to pass. 

So can a psychic predict something like a proposal? Yes, it’s possible, but I wouldn’t go and buy a wedding dress based purely on a psychic reading. Better for you to sit down and have a serious talk with your boyfriend about where you want and feel your relationship is going. > Can psychics predict events like this? 

Not with pinpoint accuracy.

It's likely that you were told what the psychic believed you wanted to hear. I've heard songs in my dreams I didn't know and found them after waking up and searching. Specific references to the lyrics in the dream. I'll hear the melody and lyrics and everything... then I'll wake up and google it, and it's an actual song. Freaked out the first time it happened. Now it's kind of nice. 

Other times I'll get a familiar song stuck in my head, certain lyrics, as an answer to something. Yes this is natural,

Example you meet X,and you become very happy during those days and you listen to ABCD .. and one day X left you .. 

So when you play ABCD you will start to remember X as this song has been linked towards your emotions at that time.. 

So that music act as link between your Emotion & Thoughts..

Hope that helps ✅ Absolutely [deleted] It’s real ! It’s amazing how they can communicate with you 🥰 I have been talking to them in my dreams. One has visited me twice. He told me to talk to a coworker because we have the same dream often. Turns out he was right. Then he came to me a few nights later and told me to stop sabotaging myself because the universe keeps giving me gifts and I keep doubting I deserve them. It was super uplifting and helpful. How did you get confirmation? I feel like mine is trying but I'm still very very skeptical and subtle stuff is not my strong suit. Did you ask for a specific sign or information or something? Hi, can I chat with you about something personal? I spoke with my guides and several were not human. They showed up. I asked for it. I didn’t agree with what info they gave me though, I’ve considered myself a work in progress. I think I communicated with mine through dousing rods. I just call on them & ask for permission to ask questions. So far I’ve communicated with one who’s genderless, no name & they confirmed they’ve been with me through many lifetimes. The other one also told me they’re genderless & has a name that starts with the letter K if I’m not mistaken. I always ask the rods to point directly to where they’re standing too because I’m never able to see them. I asked & they’re not human or have ever reincarnated as a human for that matter. Are you ok though? You are probably protected by spritual beings/God

Also you might have innate psychic abilities which allows you to have glimpse of the future..

Develop & Treasure it ✅

Use it to your advantage ✅

Don't talk about these to people who are not aligned as it could affect the development of the ability..

My Pov ✅ Become spritual,try to be a vegan lets say for a month vegan then next month eat what u want etc..
Vegan diet is best for our etheric body & our aura..

I suggest u listen to binaural beats such as 528hz ,639hz

Or chant mantra as per your deity with incense  one round  beads per day 

Or
You could wear gem stone as per Astrology chart & it will nurture & grow the abilities.. It’s totally reasonable to drop it until you can get help from a therapist. You have to have your mental faculties in control before diving into the occult. Then when you are ready, do it with a mentor that understands how it affects mental health and is kind. Talk to a doctor about your difficulties. There are treatments available.

If you're at a crisis point, your first directive should be getting yourself on the road to mental wellness. I went through twenty four years of therapy and take meds to manage my mental illness.  In addition to that, I am psychic and the meds do not affect my abilities in the least.  My meds successfully treat my mental issues and make it much easier to deal with being psychic.  The first few years were rough.  My best advice is get medical help, make friends with other psychic people, and have some kind of spiritual belief structure to get you through the hard times.  Once you are mentally sound, it gets much easier dealing with being psychic. So a little background info, I'm living on a native reservation on top of a burial ground with my late relatives buried ways behind the house some ways past our pasture. There's been a gruesome murder of two of our relatives that happened in the early 2000s not too far from the house in the woods a horrible tragedy I didn't find out up until a few months ago, theres MANY child spirits here like atleast 6 so that energy is a lot. There has been a suicide here in the house too which was the cause of my PTSD so that's another reason I'm feeling all the way consumed by death energy and my disorder by staying in this location. I'm thinking of relocating off the reserve hopefully in order to escape for the sake of my sanity 

I hear the ghosts clearly right before I go to bed, and they sound like normal people, not demonic. 
I'm sure I'm not going through psychosis because the mumbles are only when sit in a quiet room after I adjusted to it like after awhile then I hear them very Slightly yet incoherently. Though, Through the white noise of my fan their voices are more present thats how i was able to talk to my deceased sibling (i got confirmation it was). So I ruled psychosis out but ofcourse I need to talk to someone about what I'm experiencing.

I'm taking all of your suggestions here, screenshotting! im very grateful for them! and I was actually planning on therapy for awhile until it all came crashing down and things felt hopeless, thanks to your support I'm going to focus on my mental health and get help. Thank you for your suggestions! Ah you dove in too fast man.

This path is the most difficult thing in the world to do 

Just know, you can drop it at any time

If you want, you can learn to build a mental shield, keep out external thoughts, that way you know what is you and what isn't 

From there, mindfulness and therapy would help.

But you have some gifts that you can master.

For me, it was active visualization and breathing meditation that helped me. Hi there, my deepest sympathies to you on your path. I have had similar intrusive psychic phenomena and I completely agree - I do not want it at all. Here's what I have found has helped:

\- Study Dzogchen Buddhism. Particularly, Dudjom Linda's lineage. The deal with him is he is expressly acute about so many basic rules of consciousness that FINALLY made sense and grounded me and allowed me to take charge of everything I was thinking/feeling/living. 

\- You must detox your body. Heavy toxic metals when in the brain or nervous system will actually get heated up when you have a lot of nerve impulses (say during times of stress or emotion). When these metals get heated up they oxidize and corrode all the nervous tissue next to them (which causes terrible mood swings and other symptoms). Look up the **Medical Medium book by Anthony Williams** \- he also has an amazing Facebook page. If you can do his heavy metal detox routine I guarantee you you will feel incredible relief within 2 weeks (if you do it everyday). 

Prayers, deep peace, and best of luck to you gentle friend. It sounds like you have spirit attachments (also called entity attachments). They feast off your low level energy (fear, lust, greed, hatred, sadness, etc). They spend a great amount of time trying to upset you simply to feed off your reaction (fear, sadness, etc) and the low level energy that this radiates. 

You sound like you are an hsp (highly sensitive person) or empath. These spirits are very attracted to this personality type as you are very sensitive to spiritual energy as well as to most things in life. Your strong energy attracts them. 

In the short term, you can learn to rid yourself of low level energy. This will frustrate them and sometimes they will just look around for another sensitive type to attach to and disappear from your life. 

Give up alcohol and drugs and porn if you use any of these. Learn to meditate. Thich Nhat Hanh wrote a very good book called The Miracle of Mindfulness: An Introduction to the Practice of Meditation. Learn to meditate while walking. You need to learn to keep your mind in the present (the here and now) to avoid dwelling on the past, and worrying about your future. These spirits feed off the stress and worry from these thoughts. 

Also, you need to stop fearing these attached spirits, which again, only gives them the energy they crave. Understand that they are themselves lost and confused. They died and instead of going into the Light, they were somehow misdirected. Often these types committed suicide or died suddenly and violently, and so in this state of dark grief and confusion they ended up getting lost.

In some ways they are like junkies. They hate what they're doing, hurting innocent people, but they need a fix (low level energy) and they cannot help themselves. They can do a lot of damage to peoples' lives and relationships in much the same way that junkies do. 

You might want to read a book by William J. Baldwin called Healing Lost Souls: Releasing Unwanted Spirits From Your Energy Body. He is dead now, but helped thousands of people like yourself to detach from these spirits. He helped these spirits to finally find their way into the Light and most of them were very eager to go. 

You can always seek out a Shaman who specializes in (has a lot of experience with) removing dark entity attachments. But being a highly sensitive person, you will continue to be at risk of attracting new ones unless you learn how to live a more mindful and conscious life (free from radiating low level energy).

I hope this helps. 💚 I'm sorry for your suffering. It sounds really difficult. Especially at 18 years old. I don't have any real experience with what you're dealing with, however i have recently been doing "the gateway experience" its a type of enhanced meditation for lack of a better word. It was developed by this guy Robert Monroe who started experiencing out of body experiences. He would travel to the astral realm. And encounter all sorts of entities like the ones you are describing. Also positive entities. He kept exploring anyways and in the process gained some wisdom and tools to deal with them among other benefits.
You sound like a powerful person that could use guidance on how to deal with with that power. I really think it could help you. It teaches you how to harness and direct your bodys energy.

It's really changed my life in unbelievable ways and I've just barely scratched the surface but I can do some minor telekinesis since I've been doing it.

The gateway experience is so powerful in fact that the CIA classified it for like 30 years. 

Maybe you already know about it but if not at least look into it. If nothing else I'm sending peace and love your way. Commenting to respond later I'm so sorry you're struggling. It's overwhelming. I had something in the shower with me this morning and it completely threw me off. I'm used to odd things happening now, but it was still unnerving. That's a very private place for most people, to relax and be alone. You feel slightly invaded. 

You have to have this weird balance of acceptance, like you can't fight it or make it go away completely, but you can set boundaries and control the way you approach it. I used to get freaked out with every sign, every noise, every voice. The truth is, just like everyday sounds, some of them just don't matter. It's like the hum of a washing machine, or the tick of a clock. You'll pick up energy that's around you, and it's just kinda background noise sometimes. 

Now, it's honestly kind of comforting knowing someone is always listening, I don't like being alone, so there's always someone to talk to. But I didn't always feel this way. At first it kinda feels awful. 

For direct spirit/entity communication, I've found that they have a hard time comprehending time, and how it works here. My guide gets it and respects it, and won't overload me with too much at once. Literally everything else I interact with is so excited, so desperate to talk, that they will drive you insane trying to communicate. There's no easy off button. I don't have as strong a connection with other spirits (or whatever you'd like to call them) so I'm able to force the volume down, and sleep, or eat, or work, without constant interruptions. A few get through and I ignore them unless they are important.

I think the other side means well, but they just don't get how exhausting it is to be human, never mind a highly tuned-in one. We're processing so much information, all the time, from 5 different sources, and filtering it to the right people. Putting it in words they'll understand, phrasing it perfectly so they get the message but we don't freak them out. 

It's a heck of a gift. It's a difficult process to get used to. But I promise you, it will get easier. Back off for a bit, take care of yourself, and trust your gut. You know more than you think, and the world needs more sensitives. You got this. 💙 You have leaks and holes in your vessel/your body and mind. 

You need to get to full health to stop it. 

In this society the whole objective is to destroy your health. Which it seems has happened.

If you read the book We Want to Live by Aajonus Vonderplanitz you can regain your health and start to rebuild yourself.

It's the only way to stop them from doing what they do.

The djinn don't care for anything but the fact they are able to get in and won't stop until they can't get at you anymore. Sometimes it can be hard to tell the difference between actual spiritual interactions and our mind creating scenarios. For example, my best friend and my mother are both bipolar and when they aren’t medicated they see angels and demons. But on their medication they don’t. So they aren’t actually seeing angels and demons, they are just hallucinations. Whereas I am a medium and I do speak to the dead. Do you see the difference?

What I am getting at is that maybe these are not spirits. Maybe you are experiencing a mental health crisis and your mind is inventing these things. My niece is schizophrenic and often hears things around her exactly like what you described but when she takes her medication she doesn’t hear anything. 

It’s hard because sometimes people are under legitimate spiritual attack and sometimes it is mental illness. But you can’t diagnose yourself either way, you need a professional to help you figure out what’s happening. 

I think a psychological evaluation can help you. Can you get treated by a doctor? When things with entities get too wild, you can pray to God. I don't know if you're part of a religion,  but if you pray to a positive entity, It will help you. You could also pray to Raphael, Michael, Maria or Jesus  whatever works best for you You’re free to leave, nothing is stopping you from ending this, I promise. You have to be confident, otherwise you’ll still be victim and seen as weak You pretty much jumped a few needed steps. Tbh your I think you're compromised, your best bet is therapy just don't take their medicine. Gain back control of your mind and if you want spiritual enlightenment stick to meditation for this life. Haaaaave you met my friend pot? I know it's not for everyone but perhaps a nice indica? Cuz it will put you *indacouch* Set up clear boundaries. It helps to write out a specific list of who can and cannot channel through. Once it’s written out, read it aloud. You may want to read it aloud each time before you meditate/channel for a while. You can and should have complete control over who you allow to channel through. I had pre cognitive ability at 8 years old and then it went dormant for a number of years.  When I turned 22 it came roaring back along with other gifts.  It has been getting stronger since then and I am in my late 30's now.  In my case, trauma brings it out.  I was working as a 911 operator when I was 22 and all the traumas associated with that job intensified my abilities.  The interesting thing is that I have a low stress job now and my abilities keep getting stronger.  When I worked in emergency services, I used my abilities to save more than a few lives. Usually the mind starts to reach its final growth around 21 years, so let's say that after a few years of stabilization, around 25, you can start to get more and more awareness and control I guess I'm a late bloomer (35+). My change came when I was face to face with something I thought was impossible. I do recall winning cakes (many) at church picnics (roulette), repetitive dreams and felt different that everyone else in my pre-teens. 

However, from my teens on, I seemed to find trouble more than avoid it and I was closed off to the possibility so even when something would occur, I would just explain it away. I'll say I had a lot of growing to do before being made aware of my abilities. Same experience, not much if anything happened before 18-19 or so. After that, boom Not sure. I been seeing and doing everything when I was 5 years old my mom and family would tell me things. On what I did and tell them. But I still have answers I’m 25 years old. 😅 I saw stuff as a kid, it sort of stopped with random stuff every several years but in my 50s it all came back and then some.. They usually get their affairs in order before the funeral and if all goes well, they cross over fully to the other side after the funeral.  It has been my experience that most deceased folks attend their own funeral which is why it is important for people to go.  As people who can hear folks on or near the other side, it puts us in a position where we can render aid to them by bridging the gap.  That being said, it is a two way street and folks on the other side of things can be full of helpful information regarding events over here.  Welcome to the club and feel free to dm me if you have any questions. Something similar happened to me. My grandpa died during COVID and didn’t want a funeral. A few of us went to say goodbye to his body before he was cremated. I told him goodbye and heard him say his goodbyes back, clear as day. I’ve tried to say hi to him afterwards and haven’t heard another reply. Sometimes the timeframe can get muddled.  It is important to be patient and not rush things.  Love usually strikes when you least expect it.  These sorts of predictions are far from an exact science.  Think of it as a heads up to be alert and receptive to a coming positive change.  We attract that which we project. I’m not an expert, but I’m just sharing my experience. I also had readings done that said June, June 22 to be exact. And that time has came and gone, and I’m still single. But…. A lot of other things have changed!!!! I figured out how to love myself, walk away from what I thought I wanted. So I’m thinking possibly, maybe the love I was searching for in my soul, was for myself . And maybe that was picked up in my readings. Yes, or it's best to assume that it'll happen on its own schedule and never reveal itself to you till it wants to.

I've been waiting for some things for years now and I can feel it's close, but none of my efforts have gotten me anywhere and it's probably time to just go without it for a few years longer. if ANYBODY can give u exact times/dates they're usually a fake. I'm assuming these readings were done a month or two in advance from June. most *psychics* predicts things that far in advance for 2 things

1) not thinking you will come back

2) to pump more info from u if u do come back and then tell u they meant something else.

for example-you will find love in October. then when it doesn't happen they will follow with *have u met anybody new? or any new changes?* and when u say yes then they say *i meant u will find love in urself, or new friendship r hobby r whatever it is NEW ur doing. Anyone who predicts a timeframe should have their word taken with a grain of salt. Timeframes change by the second and are rarely accurate. I generally have a difficult time with channeled information... and I've been doing this for a while now. I would be cautious about readers that offer you glimpses of everything you thought you wanted at the time. It is not insane at all.  This is perfectly natural.   A long time ago, all people were far more in tune with the worlds around them.  It appears that things are shifting back to the way they used to be.  I had insomnia for a few years and take doctor prescribed medication to sleep.  When we first start having psychic experiences it can be a bit shocking and hard to adjust.  Eventually with enough time and experience, you will learn to accept this aspect of yourself and it will be your new normal. No i don't get visions, cuz i m kinda insomniac and overthinking all the time which inturn don't lemme have visions so i m all on it. My thoughts gives me immense out of the world experience. So wat i usually do is make a note and try to connect maybe multiple visions wud have the answers. Yup will do I do not get visions regularly. I do have a story:

Many years ago, I was praying/meditating on the issue of a freind whom I had doubts about. I was concerned about authenticity, pretense, manipulation, etc.

As I was in prayer/meditation, I saw a beautiful woman approach me. I was so glad to see her as she was a friend, you know, the kind you need when you just seperated from your husband and were looking for support and connection to new people.

As she approached me, I noticed that her dress flipped open at the skirt and I glimpsed her leg for a moment. It was scaley, thick skinned and brown. Then I noticed her face and hair, changing before my eyes from lovely and smooth to ugly and wrinkled, monstrous.... Her beautiful dress fell off and she really was a monster.. 

Turns out, she was all the bad things you don't want in a new friend. I ended that friendship and was better off. I learned to look at obvious red flags and not dismiss them. The 'vision' was, in my opinion a warning that many women, including myself  wouldn't have needed if they were not vulnerable. Visions can be potent.  If you study with an experienced person, you can learn to control them. It is the common trait that all humans have where they can sense when they are being watched by another person. The biological phenomenon is known as “gaze detection” or “gaze perception.” Neurological studies have found that the brain cells that initiate this response are very precise. If someone turns their gaze off of you by turning just a few degrees to their left or right, that eerie feeling quickly fades. thought transmission Does it happen with everyone or has it happened with some specific people? Where you place your focus is where you place your energy.

If your mind (not your eyes) is focused on something/someone it can be felt.  
This tho requires just a glimpse of clarity from the other party. this is an example of "The Law of Attraction" practice grounding and aura clearing, usually done while meditating and intentionally throughout the day. it’s easy to take on others energy when you’re around them or interacting with them. having a strong, clean aura will strengthen in protection around you. regular grounding will neutralize and release any energy that does get trapped in your aura. [deleted] A psychic shield should keep most foreign energies out of your systems. And regular grounding should address any that slip through.

EDIT: though I've read somewhere that this is a natural process... as in, us taking on the energies of the people around us. It might leave you feeling groty though so grounding and shielding ought to give you some peace of mind (and cleansing will also help.) Everyone is psychic actually.they just need to tap into their power.It's been really long time I'm in this sub people always posting things like "am I....am I special??" God.you can tap into your powers that's great but please I hate this kind of attitude. The only people really trying to make it sound like something special are those working professionally as psychics. That’s part of their sales technique. Especially the ones who rely on cold reading instead of actual psychic ability. 

Here is my take, we don’t have a soul. We ARE a soul having a human experience. That soul is a spark of the divine. So it’s not that we have special interest from the divine. Rather those who are in tune are simply more open to and aware of the divine’s involvement. It’s still a completely normal and average level of interest on the divine’s part. 

I also see psychic abilities manifesting through intuition (regardless of which of the 4 clairs you have). Intuition is just your subconscious mind processing more things than you conscious mind can manage. So you aren’t aware of how you get the info or conclusion, but you get them nonetheless. 

So basically, being psychic (for real) is just allowing your innate divinity to work and you using your brain. Two completely natural things that we have romanticized these days thanks media and other factors. Being psychic does not make you better or worse than anyone else.  It can be a royal pain in the ass sometimes.  Human nature is inclined toward creating and clinging to labels.  There is no need to give what you are experiencing a specific name.  The best thing to focus on is learning how to develop and manage these abilities and to lead a healthy balanced life. I started journaling on my computer. I titled my document 'Awareness'. I have headings in which i date, then describe the scenario that may or may not be claircognizant (my gift).. then I rate it according to how spiritual vs logical I think my issue is..

Then, I can follow up and see how it plays out. By doing it on a document, I don't confide in another person, which can skew things up, but go only on intuition, claircognizance or find out it didn't take a rocket scientist and my issue was based on subtle but logical cues...

I have a few 'tests' to help me determine if a 'impression' is claircognizance or logic... First, how did the impression come to me? Second, how 'loud' was it? Third, what are any logical or reasonable facts or conclusions that could have led to this?

One example I have had:

   A friend shared with me that a family member was in remission from breast cancer. the thought "This is a temporary reprieve in her journey" came to my mind strong and clear. I don't know why I get these impressions, however I gave my friend support, but since that time, this cancer patient has been traveling down the path of unsuccessful chemotherapy, now radiation therapy .... everyone has psychic abilities it’s natural not a superpower it’s basic stuff people just forgot “Not I”, said the goose. I have the gift & simply don’t “tap” into. It gives me anxiety. Psychics and mediums wannabes are the worst... it´s also what we the see most around here. I´d say you have sensibility. I don´t see the need to lable what you are, you can be many things. The only tip I can give you, is to always pay attention to your mental health because the energy field of sensible people tends to be more vulnerable. It sounds like you’re being guided to do just that—explore your psychic abilities more. Don’t question it or overthink the journey, just follow the unfolding. ✨ When I went through something similar a few years ago, I read as much as I could get my hands on. One neat book that was easily digestible to start with is Sherri Dillard’s “Discover Your Psychic Type.” Feel what you’re guided to and what resonates with you the most. Yeah I know what you mean. For ages I was overwhelmed by all the things I was experiencing and when I finally accepted them for what they are, I now know I have these abilities for a reason. The reason can change and can take a while to realise what it is but at the end it's worth it. 

It sounds to me you are an empath (feeling people's energies of some level) and have clairaudience. You can have more than one of clair abilities so have a read on all of them and how to practise triggering them. I personally have clairvoyance (I had dreams of things that actually happened somewhere else in the world before it was announced in the news. And no I never dreamed of the future. It's either things in the past or present) and claircognizance. Claircognizance is the dominant clair ability for me as info just appears in my brain out of nowhere for example a friend getting a new job or breaking up with their partner while being abroad on the other side of the world. I knew about these and when I messaged them, I was asked how I knew as it happened 5 mins ago. I have a lot of deja vus which I now recognise as claircognizance and I'm no longer shocked when it occurs but it's sometimes difficult to explain to others how I know things who don't believe that these abilities exist. 

I believe everyone has these abilities in their subconscious brain but some people can trigger them naturally while some people need some practice or realisation they exist. I have the belief that “psychic abilities” (umbrella term) are actually a natural part of human  existence, but many people are unaware of them.

I think of psychic abilities as extra senses. Some people are more aware of here senses than others, but would have extreme difficulty describing these senses to another person, so it’s difficult to teach others how to experience these senses. However, it can be done.

The psychic abilities aren’t a gift at all, they are a natural part of the human experience. However, to have an awareness of them and being able to utilise them is something we should be grateful for. Some people are naturally amazing singers. Some people aren’t talented but get better with practice. But everyone has the ability (: Think of Hinduism, which acknowledges that we are each the divine vs. Christianity, which focuses on a one and only messiah narrative. I think many of us take on that mindset of "the chosen one" when we are all truly chosen by the divine, each for our own purpose. Psychic abilities are a manifestation of our unique connection to the divine. Here’s the truth no one wants to hear. Everyone wants to be psychic simply because that word is  the lowest form of human comprehension in the world that could be created with someone with ACTUAL supernatural gifts and everyone thinks they have them. Some people are actually shamans, gatekeepers, ancient beings, high priestess and etc. And then you have regular humans wanting to be “psychic”. Being called psychic for some people is so insulting because it’s barely scratching the surface of what some people can do. 
“Psychic” abilities are either given to people who have a role in the spiritual realm or have something specifically in their DNA. It’s such a ignorant comment when someone says “all of us have unawakened psychic gifts” which is completely false. All people have an intuition and a third eye and we all can astral project, not a gift.  And the ones who use “psychic” sometimes benefit off of peoples vulnerability in the situation they’re in. Tarot readers like to call themselves psychic as well when anyone can read cards. There’s a distinct difference between trying to act special and then actually being special. There’s not as many psychics as you think. The ones with extraordinary gifts are in hiding because some people don’t wanna be used as weapons by the government. People wonder why mermaids are in hiding and look at where the world is at in present time. Alot of people can’t comprehend they’re way more “psychic” gifts then what’s found on google. That’s for sure. If you are able to access other dimensions which are present here, you can experince different realities. When rules are not preventing flying, go fly. But everyone else is also flying in this other plane, so it is not something rare anymore. 

The so called "psychic" powers occur when your connection with any other dimension and this one is strong. This creates some type of an energy bridge and creates a possibility of totally foreign energies existing in this plane through you. Except some rare cases, the affects are usually visible only on other people and occurs especially when you have a close connection with them and if the other person is receptive to you. It is much rarer to see any affects on objects, animals, plants, places etc. because, you are human and your system is compatible with other humans by default. In a case where the energy brought is unable to live outside your body or mind, only you perceive the changes. In these cases we seek people who are having similar experiences. We use clues to express what kind of a thing we are having and if you express these to wrong people or have difficulties on expressing yourself, you may get tagged with insulting adjectives or mental ilness claims. We still seek help and call out because, why not one day find actual people who are actually accessing these unexpeted planes as us.

Calling any type of foerign energy good or bad is just a projection of our daily mind. The thing is less about intentions of an energy and more about the compatibility of an energy. For example, you find a new type but when you want to bring it in fully, bad experiences emerge. This only means that you are having synchronization issues. Horror is of course normal because, compatibility issues may go as dangerous as death or maybe even worse. Think about your head and your body having sycnronization issues, or your brain not being compatible to your hearth or organs etc. Things would get fucked up of course. Similarly, one type of energy may totally conflict with another one. Im not psychic.  Its overwhelming I just called it being tuned in. We all have the radio. Everyone IS a psychic though. I love how this post has 82% up vote rate, but the idiots talking about how they can speak to others souls if they touch the tip of their nose 5 times get close to 100% up vote rate 

This is probably the best post ever made in this sub which isn't saying much Everyone is psychic to a degree, just about honing in on it. Look into chakras if you want to increase your knowledge. i think that we are all intrinsically unique and connected infinitely. our journey and purpose are incomparable. just because we are different does not mean we have to tune into our ego and say we are superior. we are all special in our ways (:. that's what i think i also definitely think you are an empath. your ability to tune in is a gift but ik how draining it can be. i personally want to explore this myself and gain awareness of how this can empower me more.  I was literally talking about this with my boyfriend. He wants me to market my astrology services more but I am so into science and believe there is science and data behind astrology, yet there are so many people that are condescending and just "hey look at me" about their craft and "wisdom" about metaphysical sciences. I am very interested in science, medicine, and the idea that God/The Divine can be synonymous and in sync with these.. but I just don't want to be labeled a certain way or have it take away from other more widely respected subjects that I am good at.

&#x200B;

 He was explaining that there was this girl in school who dressed like a witch and had all of her stuff with her. I rolled my eyes. Not in judgment but it's such an obvious, "look how superior I am than you." It happens even within religion. There are people online who love to preach bout how they are a a"priestess" and they do not work for the client, and that the client cannot always get what they want. lmao like calm down Hocus Pocus. 

&#x200B;

 We all have natural and distinctive capabilities and we all have the ability to lean into this more unseen part of the world and bring it into fruition. No one is more or less special than anyone else in that regard. I have also noticed myself in particular I can read moments before they happen. I imagine there are so many people that this has happened to.

&#x200B;

 I was doing laundry the other day and I was outside in Chicago and was out on my back porch and saw this older lady on her back porch. I remember thinking to myself in my head it was so nice to see her. Because she is older and I lived at my apartment since start of pandemic and I have never spoke to her but she has kind of been like a "theme" in my life. She is very old so I remember smiling and thinking "It's so good to see her out right now enjoying the sun." I wanted to wave to her but I wanted to spare myself future awkward moments where I felt forced to have to wave and say hi to her. So I decided not to. Suddenly she waved at me and smiled from her balcony, and I smiled and waved back and was fascinated with that encounter. 

&#x200B;

 I am appreciative of the tools astrology has become over centuries that ancestors have developed. I have used astrology time and time again in my life and find it very accurate and practical. It's nature. I predicted Britney Spears' baby announcement a day before it happened prior to the Jupiter-Neptune conjunction in 2022. What I am getting at is, yes there are people that are in it for the shock factor or to feel superior, but many people are genuinely trying to explore and get more in tune with metaphysical sciences to learn more about the world and themselves, and this universe. Personally I want to discover what happens after we die, and I am on the search for truth, and truth that I can prove. Because if I can confirm that death in this realm is not the end, then who knows what progress can be made without the lingering fear and dread of death. 

&#x200B;

 Try to be open-minded, and maybe give some compassion to people who use it as a means just to feel that they have a role or some sort of purpose. Even the condescending spiritualists who just want to feel validated. Look at them as some cute kindergartener and you will grow less annoyed. lol human beings are hilarious little creatures (myself included) and I don't mean this in a God-Complex sort of way. There’s no such things as psychics The voices/images you see while falling asleep is actually totally normal and is called “hypnogogia”, a very common phenomenon to experience while falling asleep. I used to experience the **same exact** thing & mistake it as “visions” until I learned about hypnogogia and the odd effects that it can have on the human mind. 

That being said - having extremely vivid dreams can often be a sign of a gift. You mention having dreams where you receive messages from what you perceive as a higher power - could you elaborate on this a bit more? Also, have your dreams only recently taken on these meaningful aspects, or have you always had meaningful/coherent dreams? Do you have normal dreams with occasional meaningful ones, or do you have meaningful ones more frequently, or even always? I’m very interested by this, as I also have very vivid dreams and your experience sounds very similar to mine. As everyone is saying everyone is psychic BUT I get where you’re coming from. I think what you’re sensing is the ego and it is very real. The ego wants to be seen as psychic so it can feel special and get attention, as opposed to just being psychic and living life. I don’t think either are bad, the human experience is really complicated. I dont have to "feel" what my wife is thinking, I can actually hear her in my head at times asking a question to which I awnser out loud. I've done this well over 100 times. We have an intense connection and I believe we have been together before in a past life. I have strong feelings. And when I know something is wrong I tell him not to go or warn him. So far I'm right. And he will call me or text me when something is wrong. I've read about this happening but have not experienced it yet. Congrats on having such an intimate relationship. Have you had conversations telepathically? In my experience talking to animals I hear what they are saying as a voice in my head in English.

FYI: r/Telepathy It happened with someone I used to date who I was close with. Crazy stuff. Is both being mentally and emotionally unstable made it an absolute roller coaster but still interesting I describe my ability as 'claircognizant'... I 'know' things... things about other people, other's walk in their journey in life... For me it's difficult as I'm not always sure if it isn't my own mind thinking to myself. 

I wish to cultivate this gift simply for my benefit and other's if helpful. Right now, I'm determined to keep it to myself because others think I'm nuts. I'm not sure whether we are twin flames but have it with one of my female friends all the time! We even play telepathy games sometimes! It’s just the energy around specific body parts, their chakras. Mouth could be sacral or throat, eyes third eye, etc. Nobody controls your intuition. Your intuition is the cumulative knowledge of all infinity, it's your direct connection to the universe. 

It is your inner self. It is your soul, timeless and infinite glimpsing itself in that moment. Your intuition is a deep knowing without knowing how you know. Lol Another name for intuition is the subconscious.  Our senses perceive way more than we are consciously aware of.  Things in our peripheral vision, sounds and voices in the background, micro facial expressions, subtle changes in voice tone, smells from afar.  Our subconscious gathers and stores massive amounts of information all the time.  We would be overwhelmed if we had to consciously acknowledge all that information so we are only consciously aware of the important things or whatever it is we are focussed on at any one moment.  However all the information we harvest both consciously and unconsciously is stored and is retrievable.  This has been tested and proven.  Under hypnosis you have total recall, under hypnosis you can recall details and information that you were at first not aware of consciously.

Having studied psychology for a great number of years.  I’m a freelance body language analyst.  A certified hypnotherapist, an accredited CBT practitioner and…a tarot reader, IMHO Intuition has nothing to do with the universe, it isn’t being psychic, it’s not telepathy. It has nothing to do with auras or any of that nonsense.  Intuition is a natural cognitive function.  Intuition is accessing, listening and acknowledging signals and messages from the subconscious. Your intution is part of your soul…. your soul emulates colors which is your aura,  your soul is your guide and your absolute biggest cheerleader for life,  what is important is that your clairs - Clairsentience- clairvoyance- Claircognizance etc.. all come from the soul.. you can not be who you are without your soul…. So maybe some teaching will help you …   One thing that may help is that your spirit and soul work together….. so the spirit is the spark and the soul is the engine… you need both to live… your spirit provides the spark to the soul and the soul is the dedication and the strength to get you through your life… much love and comments appreciated It could be described, if it at all helps, as a version of you. You as a being can strengthen it or attempt to by exercising it. Mind game if you will with verification. The spiritual body or creativeness tapping into the analytical for processing and receiving. Intuition is different from intelligence. Your inner self controls it. By what you feel around it. Does it make you feel negative emotions, maybe uncomfortable physical sensations, do you just have a bad gut feeling about it? These are all common indicators No need to check.  Properly cleanse the object of what is on it and any bad energies attached to it will be gone.  There are a number of ways to cleanse an object.  You can bury it in the ground for a time.  You can submerge it in a natural stream of running water or the ocean.  You can also bury it in salt.  The author Scott Cunningham wrote a number of useful books and one in particular regarding crystals and metals that covers these procedures. Sounds like you are doing just fine so far.  Psychometry can be interesting.  I am curious as to what got you started in the first place? Good going. Just make sure you are not pushing yourself too much to do anything. Go slow and steady but not too slow lol. 1st pls don’t think this is your fault or his mothers fault 2ndly someone needs to explain how BC works to this man and 3rdly if he still won’t stop being paranoid- he needs to grow some balls and I mean that with as much love and compassion as possible. He clearly doesn’t understand the female body nor how BC works. And if you STILL got pregnant which is 1000% unlikely it would be miracle. 
Also visions can subjective. There could have been a turning point in your relationship with him and his mother saw very far into the future. Pregnancy vision could also mean new things are coming and will come fruition. It can mean the conception of new jobs, new relationships, interest etc. A pregnancy vision is not just subjective to physical pregnancy. To me personally I would say it’s a vision regarding the depth of the relationship and could very well be a far future event. Your bf needs to relax and not be paranoid. He can have a vasectomy! Problem solved! Is the boyfriends mother aware you're infertile. Maybe an adoption in the future that you accept as your own. Maybe a surrogate. Perhaps this is not helpful, I don't mean any disrespect; but this is an example of why I don't share my 'claircognizance' impressions with people...

I'm sure MIL meant well and may be looking forward to grandchildren however, it is not her business whether or not you are infertile, will become pregnant or whatever.

I jot these impressions on a computer document and follow to see what happens. I think this kind of revelation is meant only for the person who receives it.... If it does become true, there may be a temptation for MIL or anyone to  think.."See, I knew it".... It could be that the mother saw what she wanted to see (grandchildren in her future.) sounds like you experienced astral projection. it’s easy to do when you also experience sleep paralysis. side note- when these things are happening, your body is asleep but your brain/mind awake and functioning in that realm. breathing quickly will trigger your brain to wake up your body in case something is wrong. great trick to use if you can’t wake up out of sleep paralysis. on the flip side, if you are experiencing any of these things including lucid dreaming intentionally and want to continue, keep your breathing regular so you don’t wake up. You could talk to your higher self. I just say to myself "I connect now with my higher self for communication" and then thank my higher self after I've used the pendulum. I had this happen yesterday I was staring at seltzer water considering getting it then ten feet from me in a line two woman started talking about seltzer water. It was really weird. So you’re not the only person this happens to. I’m not sure how it happens with strangers but I have had relatives project thoughts to me and me to them recently as well. I’ve accidentally projected a cuss word at someone before too. I felt horrible about that. I was in a restaurant once and the waitress asked me what I wanted.  I had been thinking strongly about the salad with grilled shrimp and red wine vinaigrette dressing, but verbally ordered the prime rib special.  She then brought me the exact salad that I had been strongly considering.  I told her that was not what I ordered, but I had been thinking about this exact salad so I would be ok keeping it.  I could tell that she was upset and knew that something odd had happened.  I left a big tip and thanked her for the great salad.  It sometimes unnerves people when they learn that their thoughts can be heard or that they can hear the thoughts of others.  Be alert to see if it happens again and if it does then you will have your answer. Nothing is a coincidence. You were picking up on her thoughts. If she said it right after, you were having the same thought simultaneously. I personally have difficulty with this kind of encounter.

First, I do document this interaction on my computer to think about whether or not it was truly physic or not.

I would say that it appears to be that there was a connection of thoughts about the ice cream melting. On the other hand, in the every day world of people waiting in line to purchase something like ice cream, it would be normal and non spiritual for any person to think 'the ice cream is going to melt".... Sounds like thought transmission to me. Nothing is a coincidence we are all divinely connected Spirit showed you their true heart and their potential so you, as a friend, could encourage them. Your belief in your friend will help them understand their own potential as well. It is a wonderful thing, a friend once helped me believe in myself. I am forever grateful to her. Bless you, babe, keep up the good work! You should try teleporting to the moon for that sweet kryptonite and then use your super powers to shoot lasers out of your eyes Belief is a powerful thing.

There are various methods of warding against spirits from different cultures that you could use for her room and your home. Whatever you choose, I recommend involving your daughter in it. I think it's harmless even for a non-believer to go "okay sweetheart, here's a magic stone that can keep the brown lady away" and putting a piece of black tourmaline or some amethyst (there are some cute carvings I've seen over on eBay of amethyst fairies) on her bookshelf.

The symbol might be scary for her so I'd hide it, but the evil eye is strongly coming to me for protection in this case.

You can also make a 'monster spray'. Put a piece of black Tourmaline into a spray bottle, add some white glitter (what little girl doesn't love glitter?), and charge water under moonlight or sunlight, whichever resonates more. Add a few drops of lavender essential oil or peppermint. Spritz from the bottle into her room/on her bedding when you tuck her in at night. To help her personalize it and feel part of it take her to get some stickers that she can put on her bottle. The really important part here is the ritual of it - make it with her, have her involved in it so her own power charges it and she knows that there's a feeling of safety from these things. Hi,
Hope everything is okay.

I use to see spirits when I was younger but it goes away so don’t worry too much about it. I was around her age when I started seeing them but you have to remind her that nothing can hurt her and that you’ll always be there for her. My parents would put Quran that would be on repeat in all our rooms to get the encounters to stop and it did. But I know everyone’s religion and beliefs are different so you do whatever feels right🙏🏻 Both of my sons (3 & 5) are very connected to the spirit world and as I’m understanding and learning more, the newest-to-earth-in-this-lifetime souls are. We smudge weekly or when we feel led to and I have my kids do it with me. We also take energy cleansing baths (1 cup sea salt/Himalayan salt, crystals, fresh fruit, herbs) when either one of the kids seems to be going through something or experiencing more activity. 
I have also taught them both to put their “protection bubbles” around them when they feel nervous or scared. Have them envision themselves in a bubble that is emitting bright white light. Nothing bad can happen inside that bubble- they are protected from anything and everything. You can make it into a game even! 
As others have said, keep an open conversation and believe what she sees and has to say. 
Everything will be ok! My daughter just came to me crying 2 nights ago as well, she’s 12. She saw a manlike shadow next to her bed, she went to the bathroom and she saw what she described at lights in there. She sketched it for me and it looked like symbols in my opinion. 
I myself have been dealing with these spirits/demons for a few years. They keep being sent to me. They just try to annoy me and bring chaos into my life and problems. The more and more it happens the stronger I become and they leave me alone . 
I spoke to my daughter and told her not to be afraid, they can’t curt us. I was as open as I could be with her for her age. Did not want to overwhelm her. She slept with me that night and last night she slept in her bedroom again as if nothing happened. Best thing you can do is teach her not to be frightened of them. Children learn by how adults act. Don’t convince her she’s not there, acknowledge that she sees the spirits, and reassure her they mean her no harm, and they just are curious to talk to her / see her because normally, people can’t see them. 

The best thing to do is not to be scared of them. They can feed off that energy. If they’re bothering you, tell them politely this is your home and you’d like them to leave. If they’re quiet and don’t bother you, just leave them be. I personally feel like most of them just want people to acknowledge that they see them Lots of good advice here. I’m also wondering if you could hire a medium to come and talk with Ms. Walpole and maybe help her cross over. Or at least communicate to her that she needs to stop scaring the little one. I’m Pyschic medium clairvoyant. Reading this story gave me goosebumps. That’s Spirit giving me conformation it’s truth. The best thing u can do for ur little girl is not to dismiss her. She wasn’t scared so the lady was a nice spirit. The spirit wants to say hi. You’ll have to take each day as it comes. I can feel Ur daughter is very sensitive. I’m picking up she’s very close to u. Like I say. For us children that see things. The nicest and kindest thing is to be believed and accepted. I hope that’s helpful. The spirit lady is still attached to her home. 🤍 When I was a child I would see spirits and shadow people all the time. Best thing you can do is listen to her, validate her, and let her know if she ever gets scared to pray, pray that the light touches them and they’ll go away. Nothing. No need to be worried. Spirits will make themselves visible to children for a variety of reasons. The best thing for this type of entity is for you to acknowledge them, to say "hi there, we are here for peaceful purposes, this is our family, we are kind" and sort of wave *goodbye* to them. You could sage the house, get the house all smoked up, every corner nook and cranny.  It will stink for a while but it should calm things down Talk to her and explain things. She will understand. She will be a mentor because she sees spirits. I was like this myself as a child. My grandmother and father helped me understand. They helped me know that spirits are not dangerous.

If you’re not sure how to treat this join the r/mediums group and ask questions. They can help and support you. do not force them to sin. spirits are awesome if you know how to talk with them. remember they appreciate perfection :) Take them to an experienced physiatrist to rule out possible hallucinations and make sure nothing else is going on. Although, sounds like she is really in touch with a sprit. If you rule phyc issues out, be honest with them, they have a gift and they need to learn how to interpret those interactions. Help them to know coming from a place of understanding why the spirit  needs to be contscting them will help lessen the threat. Maybe even help give them the strength to get rid of it.

It's rare the child is scared. If they have that gift. It's just how they understand the world. Prolly let them know, not everyone has it or will understand. So it is concerning she is scared. Particularly if this is the first time. Could be a negative sprit. If that is the case you need to change the fungsway of the place and practice positive energy affirmations. (I am clairvoyant and find that if I am focused on negativity or when I had toxic roommates activity would happen v. Having a clean, copacetic home nothing would happen)

Also, maybe reach out to other credible adults with that gift to help give them some advice. Weird idea but - have you considered playing gregorian chants (catholic) at night? Christ Jesus and psychiatrist. Read John 3:16-18, teach your children about belief in son of God = eternal life and forgiveness and friendship with our heavenly father. Also, your child may be hallucinating- see a psychiatrist. Dont encourage them to seek out spirits.evil spirits can come after you and your child.but Christ can protect you of course, he's bigger and more powerful than all of them combined and on your side of you believe in him :) peace be with you Anxiety is said to manifest sometimes as recurring dreams (which if you've been feeding the anxiety with more anxiety about the dream's possible meaning, is probably going to get worse.)

Sometimes dreams are just dreams. Not everything is a sign and not everything has to be a sign. I used to have dreams like that.  They ended when I practiced lucid dreaming.  The scenarios would repeat until I became aware I was dreaming. I sent you a message. I might have some answers for you. We all can , it's always within us ..just practice..start with mediation and try tarot readings..try with yourself then others , journal dreams ...

Edit- u can practice with pendulum too > What makes some more receptive to psychic abilities than others?

Tendency to actually listen I think being interested in spirituality and having an open mind helps considerably. Some people just don’t believe at all and think it’s all nonsense which is fine but if they aren’t receptive to psychic abilities it’s not going to happen for them. Most of the time that is the case at least, there are exceptions. Usually after something that was out of their control like a near death experience or unintentional astral projection, seeing a spirit etc can change people’s outlook. Personally, I think I unconsciously blocked a lot of my abilities for most of my adult life due to being an unhealthy empath and suffering abusive trauma. A couple years ago, I started experiencing an intense spiritual awakening and my psychic abilities exploded as a part of that. I had to come up to speed very quickly not only with accepting that I had abilities but also learning how they worked and how to work with them and set up healthy energetic boundaries. I think people with abilities are born that way, but that our life experiences can cause us to either consciously or unconsciously block them. For me, meditation has helped IMMENSELY. I had to learn to know what my own energy felt like so that I could start to differentiate it from energy that comes from outside myself and learn to not get so overwhelmed by energy that's not my own. Also, once I accepted that this is a thing that happens to me, I started really paying attention to messages that I get from gut feelings, spirit guides, etc. I started noticing more and more things that in the past I either wouldn't have noticed at all or would have blown off as coincidence. Once I started paying attention, I started appreciating how spirit is constantly broadcasting and how all you have to do is turn on your radio. 

I feel that my daughter has some gifts... she is am empath and she and I seem to be very psychically connected. Call me crazy(I have schizoaffective disorder) but while I think every single person has psychic ability, I feel anyone who might fall on the neurodivergent spectrum are particularly inclined. Clean body, spring water. No man made food or medicine  chemicals. Crystals, crystals, and more crystals.
Nothing accelerates us like spending time with the energy masters.

All these practices help, but most of all inviting  to be a channel and serve the light. Personally I think it's the way the receptors in the brain work, I think of it as energy and like radio waves, I feel my brain is on a more wide spectrum and that's why I can read people and entities. With age my eyes are going and I don't see spirits as easy as I use too, eyes work on light waves entering them also I feel mine where better able too see energy that other could not but with them failing I'm losing that.
I did not think people could learn but I changed my mind some since remote viewer can learn so I feel maybe you can train yourself to tune in to the energy to do these things. Wear gemstone as per your moon sign, 
Vegetarian diet,
Chanting mantra or meditation with incense focusing upon deity..
Listening to binaural beats like 639hz ,936hz..
Channelizing your sexual energy with various yoga techniques.. I can see auras too but for most people they seem kinda thin or worn down. I don’t see shapes though unless I’m mediating in my head and then I’ll sometimes see patterns or shapes That's great !!! Where do you guys live. I would pay money for someone to check mine! You missed one. People who don’t realize they have these abilities.

Everybody has abilities. Lots of people just don’t know it and won’t develop them Some pretend so that they may fit in here, for reasons of their own. 

Some are only here to observe. Our problems are not their problems.

Some are really what they seem and cannot tell you otherwise.

Then a small minority are here to develop themselves, to help, to pay their debts forward.

If someone crosses your path, you have a choice to make. Help them? Ignore them? Acknowledge them? Say hello to them?  There is no one right behavior that fits everyone. This is where we tend to be blinded by our own light.

Comparison is the thief of joy. This is especially true in sensitive groups, so delay judgement. Or as Ted Lasso says; Be curious; not judgmental. If you truly want to heighten your awareness take what you know and go live in nature for a couple of weeks. Take tools, shelter, and water, but no food. The food you have to be able to get yourself, or know what it feels like to starve. Meditate, focus on pure alignment of your spirit and nature. Nature starts to talk back after awhile. What is 4d or 5d living? What differences are there to 3d? Maybe I didn´t understand the point of your post... Everyone is an average person, in my eyes at least. Spirituality and beliefs are a highly personal choice. No one is forced to be believe anything in a free culture and not all cutures allow people to be free. Imo, it´s wrong to impose any subject that is my focus and belief system on others. The 'legitimate' resources are the ones that work for you. Psychics are not all the same. We came in this lifetime with different strengths and plans. One common piece of advice that is often very useful is to begin "with what resonates with you". What does that mean?

You every seen someone on the other side of the street and had this strong desire to walk across to them and say hello? That's resonance. The opposite affect is called dissonance. You see them coming and you want to run away.

Books, websites, youtube videos, in person seminars, each have a distinct vibration. Some of those will resonate with you. You can walk into a New Age bookstore, run your hand along the spines of the books on a shelf until you feel like stopping, then take out that book and just hold it in your hand. How does it feel. What does it make you think about. Does it resonate with you.

In the meantime, you can practice the following. It will enhance your ability to feel that energy in the books, or any other energy and place.

Try this. Sit in a chair. Close your eyes. Take a deep breath. Feet flat on the floor. Hands separated and resting palms up on each thigh.

Create a grounding cord. This is a line of energy that connects your first chakra to the center of the planet. Your first chakra is a ball of energy about the size of a quarter that sits just in front of the base of your spine. Your grounding cord attaches to the bottom of that ball of energy.

Grounding makes your body feel safe, so you release energy more easily. Gravity pulls whatever you release, even your own energy, down to the center of the planet. No effort on your part. The center of the planet neutralizes the energy and returns it to whoever owns it. No karma for anyone. A virtuous cycle.

Nearly everyone goes to connect to the center of the planet the first time but stops at the soil, often making roots like a tree. This is a method that is taught in some martial arts styles, but it is not the best option for your spiritual development and healing.

So, notice the seat of your chair. Take a deep breath. Notice the distance between the seat and the floor. Now notice the distance between the floor and the soil below. Breathe.

Now notice the distance between the soil and the water table underneath. Notice the distance between the water table and the rocky mantle. Notice the distance between the mantle and the molten core below that. Deep breath.

Notice the distance between the molten core and the center of the planet. That ball of light at the very center of the planet is where you connect your grounding cord. Deep breath.

Say hello to the center of the planet. Do you get a hello back?

Notice the color and texture of your grounding cord. It may look like a line of energy, or look like something physical; a rope, a wire, a pipe, a tree trunk. Adjust it as needed to be in affinity with your body.

Getting this far means you've already released some energy from your aura and body. Now it is time to fill in the space that was created.

Create a gold sun over your head. Have it call back all of your energy from wherever you left it throughout your day and week. Work. School. Online meetings. Video games. Your fantasies about your future. Your regrets about your past. Wherever you've placed your attention. Just watch the energy come back and see if you notice where it came from.

Have the sun burn up and neutralize your energy. Then bring the sun into the top of your head. It will automatically flow into the spaces you created. Create a gauge to measure when you're full. Like a fuel gauge or oil gauge. You'll run better if you aren't a few quarts low on spiritual oil. If the gauge doesn't read "Full", bring in another gold sun.

Open your eyes, bend over and touch the floor, draining any tension from the back of your neck, then stand up, and stretch.

There is a progression with this technique. After grounding for ten minutes a day for a week or two, notice your grounding cord at the very end, while you're standing with your eyes open. Continue to ground with your eyes open and standing, and bring in another gold sun. Each day, increase the amount of time that you ground standing up with your eyes open.

After a week or two practicing this, add walking while grounded. Just notice your grounding cord as you walk. Say hello to the center of the planet while you walk. Bring in a gold sun while you walk.  If you lose your grounding cord, stop walking and recover it. If you have to, sit back down and close your eyes and create a new grounding cord.

After this, you're ready to take your grounding cord with you into your daily life. Shopping. Getting coffee. Wherever you go, you can ground. This, combined with a little amusement about seeing new things on an energy level, will keep you safe and sound.

Now that you're here, at the end of your grounding meditations, create a gold sun over your head. This time, fill it with your highest creative essence, your present time growth vibration, and your affinity for yourself. The first energy is a healing for you. The second is a healing for your body. The third is a healing for your affinity in your fourth chakra.

Bend over and touch the floor. Stand up and stretch. If you're ready for more, sit back down and ground some more. Otherwise, have a nice day!

Note that every image you imagine, the gold sun, the grounding cord, the center of the planet, your first chakra, your body parts, is exercising your clairvoyance. You may be imagining what your tailbone looks like, but you're also creating the image of your tailbone and reading its energy. This is practicing your clairvoyant ability. Using a pendulum you have to be in a neutral state. You can’t have expectations. Because your thoughts are really creating the movement. If you’re overthinking it or trying to “test” the pendulum, it creates dissonance and won’t give you a true answer. This is just what I’ve learned from my own experience though. I’m on a break from using my pendulum bc I had too much dissonance in my being (life circumstances, anxiety, depression) and it was giving me skewed results. I have had issues with pendulum work in the past. A few "pointers" (pun intended).

1. Energetically cleanse your pendulum often. There are many ways to do this, I cleanse mine in the moonlight and the smoke from incense but every pendulum is different.

2. Energetically cleanse your space regularly however you normally would.

3. As mentioned by another comment, be sure you are in a neutral frame of mind (answer doesn't matter)

4. Ask your pendulum if you or it needs a break... this happens.

5. Be sure that you aren't trusting your tools over your own intuition.

&#x200B;

I think the biggest obstacle to getting consistently right answers is placing too much responsibility on the pendulum. It's just a "thing on a string," you are the power that makes it work.

I hope this is helpful for you. Cleanse it by burying it on the earth/soil overnight. This works like magic ;) The way I see it is, the knowledge isn't in the pendulum, it's in ourselves. Call it energy or vibrations or whatever you please, but the answers I get from my pendulum come from deep inside myself. The pendulum is just a shortcut for going deep. Once you have established the meanings of different movements, don't mess around with your questions, because you are messing around with yourself. That's incredible and it does sound like you've been given a gift. You're probably in shock now qnd taking it all in. Honestly I see this loop pattern as means of connecting with you. That there is a cycle with concepts, ideas, events etc that are being stuck on replay almost as if you "missed" them so it's like a ok let's start again kind of thing. But with the last part with the paralysis I get the indication that it is almost as if there is a lag between the connections due to the vividness of the dream state, that it is as though your body takes a bit to get back into a fluid state in the current. Almost as if it is catching up with the fact that you became aware but you haven't settled into your body in the current connection state that its as though there is a lag. If that makes any sense. If you message me I can describe what works for me when that happens. I also think with this specific phenomenon you would get more help posting in r/mediums Something like this happened to me last night. It was like a dream within several dreams. Sleep paralysis. Your body freezes your muscles when you sleep so you don’t sleepwalk; some folks (like my dad) also have awoken before it wears off (and y’all can’t move for a spell) I don't really know what you mean by "timing" & "dining", but high pitched ringing in one or both of your ears sounds exactly like clairaudient communication. As long as you know it's not tinnitus or some other medical thing, you should take note of which ear you hear it with, how high the pitch was, and what you were doing at the time. There are plenty of videos you can use to find explanations, but I'm sure someone else will type it all in a comment too. I have observed this, but I brushed it off I have this!! Everyone I've mentioned this to just says its Dejavu and my brain tricking me, but I genuinely dream of things and then days later, maybe even a week or 2, that exact thing happens and I get this weird feeling pass through me. I have super vivid dreams at times and often remember details or even the whole dream including bizarre transitions when I wake up.

Example: I recently dreamt of me and my parents sat in a cafe talking about a particular thing and sat in a particular configuration. The next weekend I go for coffee with my parents and don't really notice until the exact same words and phrases are said, the same hand movements etc I have this as well and it's so crazy, it's been happening a lot more frequently. Everyone thinks I'm crazy but it's comforting knowing I'm not the only one. Mine is similar, I dream sometimes about the exact thing I’m going to do tomorrow, a little different to yours but similar but I think it’s coz I’m always thinking about my day ahead.

Sometimes it’s happened to me that what I’m doing I’ve already done the exact thing before and I’ve dreamt about it but I don’t fully remember. The opposite happens to me, I see snippets of the past. Small bits of memories from infancy through toddler age. When it first happened it was extremely disorienting when I woke up because I didn't know it was a resurfaced memory yet but knew the dream was "real" and was confused how I just went from being a year old to seventeen. 

I wonder if this is in any way related to what happens to you. Somehow you're picking up on your future memories... It's called deja reve. I've had it too. As you open up your awareness, it's useful to think of your body as an antennae array that's been idle for a long time, collecting dust, dead bugs, corrosion, bird shit; i.e. all the detritus of life.

Energy systems are energy systems. Power companies in some climates wash the insulators on their high power transmission lines. This prevents the lines shorting out catastrophically during the first rain after a dry spell. All that dust and dirt makes the rain conductive, and energy tends to follow the shortest path to the ground. Explosions and fires tend to follow.

So you have some housekeeping to do. When your antennas are clean, they don't short out when you open them up and some strong energy passes your way. 

Try this. Sit in a chair. Close your eyes. Take a deep breath. Feet flat on the floor. Hands separated and resting palms up on each thigh.

Create a grounding cord. This is a line of energy that connects your first chakra to the center of the planet. Your first chakra is a ball of energy about the size of a quarter that sits just in front of the base of your spine. Your grounding cord attaches to the bottom of that ball of energy.

Grounding makes your body feel safe, so you release energy more easily. Gravity pulls whatever you release, even your own energy, down to the center of the planet. No effort on your part. The center of the planet neutralizes the energy and returns it to whoever owns it. No karma for anyone. A virtuous cycle.

Nearly everyone goes to connect to the center of the planet the first time but stops at the soil, often making roots like a tree. This is a method that is taught in some martial arts styles, but it is not the best option for your spiritual development and healing.

So, notice the seat of your chair. Take a deep breath. Notice the distance between the seat and the floor. Now notice the distance between the floor and the soil below. Breathe.

Now notice the distance between the soil and the water table underneath. Notice the distance between the water table and the rocky mantle. Notice the distance between the mantle and the molten core below that. Deep breath.

Notice the distance between the molten core and the center of the planet. That ball of light at the very center of the planet is where you connect your grounding cord. Deep breath.

Say hello to the center of the planet. Do you get a hello back?

Notice the color and texture of your grounding cord. It may look like a line of energy, or look like something physical; a rope, a wire, a pipe, a tree trunk. Adjust it as needed to be in affinity with your body.

Getting this far means you've already released some energy from your aura and body. Now it is time to fill in the space that was created.

Create a gold sun over your head. Have it call back all of your energy from wherever you left it throughout your day and week. Work. School. Online meetings. Video games. Your fantasies about your future. Your regrets about your past. Wherever you've placed your attention. Just watch the energy come back and see if you notice where it came from.

Have the sun burn up and neutralize your energy. Then bring the sun into the top of your head. It will automatically flow into the spaces you created. Create a gauge to measure when you're full. Like a fuel gauge or oil gauge. You'll run better if you aren't a few quarts low on spiritual oil. If the gauge doesn't read "Full", bring in another gold sun.

Open your eyes, bend over and touch the floor, draining any tension from the back of your neck, then stand up, and stretch.

There is a progression with this technique. After grounding for ten minutes a day for a week or two, notice your grounding cord at the very end, while you're standing with your eyes open. Continue to ground with your eyes open and standing, and bring in another gold sun. Each day, increase the amount of time that you ground standing up with your eyes open.

After a week or two practicing this, add walking while grounded. Just notice your grounding cord as you walk. Say hello to the center of the planet while you walk. Bring in a gold sun while you walk.  If you lose your grounding cord, stop walking and recover it. If you have to, sit back down and close your eyes and create a new grounding cord.

After this, you're ready to take your grounding cord with you into your daily life. Shopping. Getting coffee. Wherever you go, you can ground. This, combined with a little amusement about seeing new things on an energy level, will keep you safe and sound.

Now that you're here, at the end of your grounding meditations, create a gold sun over your head. This time, fill it with your highest creative essence, your present time growth vibration, and your affinity for yourself. The first energy is a healing for you. The second is a healing for your body. The third is a healing for your affinity in your fourth chakra.

Bend over and touch the floor. Stand up and stretch. If you're ready for more, sit back down and ground some more. Otherwise, have a nice day!

Note that every image you imagine, the gold sun, the grounding cord, the center of the planet, your first chakra, your body parts, is exercising your clairvoyance. You may be imagining what your tailbone looks like, but you're also creating the image of your tailbone and reading its energy. This is practicing your clairvoyant ability. Ong! Clairsentience is my main channel and I didn’t realize how it wasn’t super normal to just have all these sensations all the time. In my opinion it really is dependent on your own relationship with spirit and your body. When this happens take a few breaths and turn inwards and feel the feeling and just allow the feeling to be without trying to understand it yet or explain it yet. Just for a a few seconds or however long u need to be calm and present in the moment with it. Notice what this feeling is- pain - hurt - grief - deep , shallow, loud, soft, happy sparkly tingling vibrations warm cold hot harsh calm smooth rough etc etc etc. then notice where in ur body this is happening. Our chakras hold different energetic experiences, so if ur feeling like a sword is going through ur stomach we can see that a violation has occurred in the solar plexus or the sacral. Understand what each chakra holds which information. Then just ask that sensation what it means. I’m always saying ask why and then ask why again and then again after each answer  keep asking. Ur body will tel you. You’re abilities and reception is using feeling as a conduit to communicate to you. Communication is often a two way street meaning we can ask questions too and we can direct answers as well. This will help u better understand your personal
Sensations and what they mean. Like you’ll start to understand that for you light tingling means it’s beautiful or it aligns and a hot feeling means it’s rejecting something etc or whatever actual language your body is using. You could even direct your body too! You could ask that your hands start to warm up if you’re correct or get cold if you’re wrong about something. Just hang out with ur vibrant magickal self and it will just prevent itself to u All I can really offer is how the energy feels... most times it's a subtle tingling sensation (sometimes it feels like it's in my bones.) Sometimes it's sharp and prickly.

Though a jabbing/stabbing sensation is concerning to me because assuming there's no underlying health problems causing it, I interpret it to an spiritual entity trying to latch on (it happened to me once and it hurt when it happened, it also caused a spasm in my back where it latched on, though the pain was very short-lived.) Idk ever since I started meditation I have tingling all over sometimes painful. Whatever, I think everyone is different. I have gotten tingling in my ears when I am supposed to listen to someone.  Tingling in my head when I have certain downloads/realizations similar to the feeling of when you get goosebumps listening to music.  Tiny little sharp pains when I am feeling “backstabbed” by someone’s energy. Eyes feeling sort of cold when I have realizations or “see” something.

I’d suggest keeping a running notes file on your phone and looking for patterns.

Eg- whatever you were thinking about, the sensation and where you felt it. It honestly just sounds like chronic pain, everyone feels pain in their body as they get older. But you might also be feeling other peoples pain. Now that you mention it I might have experienced something similar. 

I've always physically felt emotions, like anger feels like waves, low and kinda burns. Happiness is warm and fuzzy. But I can empathize with people's physical pain and sometimes do it unconsciously. I've had unexplainable pains/shifts happen and disappear as I'm talking or real close to people.

However, never rule out chronic pain as it can be a sign of something in your own body. I would just practice awareness, and ask questions about the sensations when they happen. "Why might I be feeling this? Is there someone around who could be causing this? Etc" You kind of sound like a medical intuitive. Some of us physically feel what the client is going through medically, others just know. If this is the case, grounding, clearing and cleansing your energy body can make a world of difference and great improvement. the only thing I've noticed lately that could be related to your question and I myself have searched to see what it means and can't really find an answer is..I have gotten like a dizzy light headed feeling while doing tarot and not all the time. The other thing lately is my left arm gets tingles and like the hairs on my arm stand on end. I never really had that before until recently. And I feel like it's when spirit is around or something. Anyone else ? You won’t really _know_ what it means without claircognizance. (It doesn’t mean you _don’t_ have it; if you get inexplicable _knowing_, you probably also have claircognizance as well).

You can, however, practice being aware and discerning of the various sensations, as well as practices that senses the energy that generates those sensations, and a shamanic exercise that personifies those sensations in a way where you can (temporarily) interact with it as if it were a person. (With the understanding that there is no absolute truth whether it really is a person or not) You might just be being oversensitive to physical things. Your body and cells are always feeling things. Sometimes they itch other times it's actual pain. Most often the mind ignores them. You might just be paying an overabundance of attention to these sensations. 

Especially if you don't meditate. Ain't no clair nothing if you don't sit. Just an over abundance of physical attention. While I experience all the clairs in varying degrees, clairsentience is definitely my dominant clair. What has helped me the most in learning to understand the messages I get is journaling. I write down what I feel and what happens that might be connected to it. This helps me keep track of details so I don't forget, and helps me see connections between things I may not otherwise have connected. Over time, I have seen some patterns emerge between certain sensations and certain events. Meditation has also been helpful in terms of learning how energy feels in my body and learning to tell my own normal energy vs. something that is coming from outside myself, so you may want to keep working with that, It definitely takes more than a few times to get any benefit out of it. They do, but what they mean, you have to discover by yourself, because your body is trying to let you know things, but each body has different ways to communicate with the spirit. My recommendation, as it is what has worked so far for me: become mindful of your inner being, observe your feelings, emotions, sensations and thoughts, and notice when they happen simultaneously, as it is a hint on what they may be trying to tell you. There are some archetypal ways of relating parts of the body to symbology and esoteric concepts, those work sometimes too, but exploring your own ways to communicating with your body is the best way to be able to understand what it tries to tell you. They don't for me. 


Except in the instance of telepathic communication. I feel a burning on my skull whenever someone "calls" me. And the location of the burning sensation does vary depending on who is communicating. Sometimes the sensations I get are literal and specific, sometimes they correspond to the chakras mine is a hot feeling on different parts of my legs sometimes near the ankle for a few seconds, started happening just last month and idk what it means or what to do with it [removed] Hi. Am looking to practice tarot readings on people as a beginner. To gain experienceand test my accuracy. PM me if interested. If I dont respond then I got too many msgs or its out of my time zone. Thanks ♡. Hi. I'm interested in doing a few short practice readings for free. I don't have time to do a ton, so I'll do this for the first 5 commenters. I do appreciate any feedback you can offer. Edit: Closed. Have a beautiful weekend everyone. Grounding and chakra work, also ask your spirit guides to block the connection. Lastly your own higher self can. Treat them as an intrusive thought and they'll lose all power. There is no entity that has more power in your own mind unless you're comprised by drugs or health conditions. How can you tell when it’s them talking too much and not just your imagination? I’m asking because I experience telepathy to a high degree as well myself and I’d like to know how to make this discernment. Idk about "chosen ones" exactly, but it depends of it's one of your active abilities, if it's not, you can still try, but it would be more challenging. 

This is an exciting time for humanity tho, and there are lots of people who will have crazy powers/abilities. There are already people that uses telekinesis/teleportation and so on, just because they don't flash it around doesn't mean they don't exist. They have to be wary, it isn't good to attract attention.

You have to completely set your mind to it, believe it, relearn it. You have to unlearn certain programming, do lots of meditations/visualizations and so on. [deleted] People don't start off good at science, they cultivate their scientific mind over years. Nobody starts off in life good at computers, they learn how to use them and cultivate that skill. We are all the same animal more or less. We have basically the same hardware starting out in life, it's just a matter of where you  decide to focus your attention. There are of course going to be outliers with natural talent but generally speaking I think tk can be cultivated. To me tk is easier than other "psi" stuff like remote viewing but I only say that because I just realized I could do tk last week and have no remote viewing experience. I believe anyone who is willing and committed can learn either skill. It’s a muscle but some people are more gifted because they’ve practiced it for centuries. I don’t know what muscle it is I think it’s near the back of the brain No, it’s not for “chosen ones”. It’s just like any other muscle in the sense that you have to put in a lot of effort -A LOT- before you go from slightly shaking an object to moving it slowly across the table to levitating it. It’s a function of intention and endurance of focus, and certainty but I can’t figure out how certainty matters, yet. Intention refers to the amount of energy you put out. Energy is the potential to do work, and the work the mind is able to do on matter expresses energy in the form of intention. The variables involved in one’s intention is the degree of focus and certainty, but I don’t yet understand what the exact action of the mind is that is required to  do telekinesis. I can tell intention, focus and certainty are important. 

It is not magic, so technically anyone can do it. However, summoning the energy and not becoming discouraged by the so-called impossibility is a huge psychological achievement. from a personal first hand experience, no. ain't no such thing as " chosen " ones. waste enough time and dedicate to spiritual practices, you'll be onto something. This is super common, it’s a form of precognition. Some days it’s psychic abilities, personally I believe everyone has it to some degree and it’s just more prominent in some people, kinda like gut feelings That’s crazy, did you ever think that the first person who commented on this thread would win the lotto? First, do not be scared of your powers. You have a gift. Also, do not think you are causing bad things to happen, you aren't. You are just seeing them before they happen.

Time does not work at all the way we are taught in school. Time is not a straight line, time is an infinite spiral that is constantly moving and shifting. Everyone has the ability to see things before they happen, that's why the term "déjà vu" exists. But for most people, it only happens once in awhile and is not an actual power they need to learn how to use and control so that it doesn't get in the way or overpower them.

With your gift, you will need to learn how your powers work, they will change as you get older and you will keep learning new things about yourself and your abilities. You will need to learn to control your powers so that it doesn't make you feel upset or panicked. 

Please start meditating. This is very important. I used to have the scariest panic attacks and they went away when I started meditating. Meditation will help you better understand your powers and be able to read signs and warnings easily. You will also be able to avoid feeling scared or overwhelmed by your visions. 

You should also carry a protective amulet with you at all times to help protect you when you are feeling overwhelmed and also keep away any negative energy, harmful spirits, energy vampires, etc. that love to mess with people who have psychic abilities and are doing spiritual work. With being psychic/on a spiritual path, comes psychic attacks, not just from other humans but various entities as well. Protection is key. A protective amulet can come in many forms and depends on your spiritual beliefs, culture, and personal preference. If you feel calm and protected when you handle this amulet, then it is the right one for you. Do not use something just because you think that's what you should use but you don't connect to it. You must connect to it and feel protected when you handle it.

I also recommend keeping a journal of all the messages you are receiving and what ended up happening in the material world after you received the messages. Write down as much detail as you can. Psychic visions are its own language and right now you need to learn how to interpret that language so that it can help you and not overwhelm you. The language will change a lot, but you will learn to understand the changes and shifts better with time and practice.

Your powers will be very useful, especially when trying to protect you and those close to you, which is the main benefit of having that ability. The one question that will really turn in your skill is wondering if you say something is it going to change the outcome?

Or the ole, am I creating this by thinking it twister?  The power of thoughts, reality creation. 

Then there is the I previewed my life before incarnating thought that creeps in.  Or the, did I dream this?  Or is this a dream?

Try to be gentle with yourself and don't panic.  Keep your thoughts focused on what you want to experience in your life.  That's usually the best advice in most situations. Synchronicity :)

you're on the right track; follow your heart :) Don't be afraid, it is just a part of who you are. Claim your power, but be responsible with it. There's lots of us who are the same, or similar. 

I recommend putting time aside each day to meditate. Draw healthy boundaries for yourself in both the physical and spiritual worlds. You're extra sensitive to both high and low vibes, so bouncing/neutralizing those low vibes is essential to your peace and happiness. There's lots of info out there.

Of course -- It's your choice whether you want to pursue the gifts or not. I used to see spirits as a kid. I blocked it. Then I used to get lots of precognition and synchronicity in my teens and early twenties. I blocked it. And now, I am back on the path again!

It can be put off... but to be honest, I don't think it's very healthy. I personally have not had a good time of it. I wish I had accepted myself sooner. But oh well -- live and learn, right?

Good luck to you friend - safe and happy travels on your spiritual journey. Take things slow, think positive+ and follow your passions. Everything will be revealed. Breathe and ground yourself. Are you learning any mysticism or spiritual information lately? Yeah this happens to me all the time Yes, you are going through a precognition awakening and there’s no need to be scared. It’s really not that unusual. This is your foray into your awakening so take the time to learn about it and more about yourself as you experience all of these events. It can be a bit overwhelming and intimidating so just be patient with yourself. There are a lot of ways for you to learn how to hone these skills and one is through meditation. Just know that you’ll be okay.
Best to you on your journey!🥰 Sounds like you have been gifted with precognition Happens to me often, it just means you are in tune with the universe :) I think all of those are common. Don't know your age, but through your life youll be more and less connected, so just enjoy. It will come and go Think about this friendly internet stranger having a positive turn of events please! I think you're getting these as a warning so that you can do something about the more serious and deadly ones, like praying for those people or doing spell work or some kind of protective something to prevent the accidents and deaths from happening It's one of two things - precognition or confirmation bias. Impossible for anyone else to tell you which, sadly. Unfortunately confirmation bias is a really big thing when people assume psychic phenomena are at play. For example 'I knew who was calling before I picked up the phone!' is super commonplace - but people are more likely to remember who they thought was calling if it proved true. Not saying the real deal can't happen, just that it's easy to think more is going on than there actually is.

Going forward, test it. If these thoughts were strong enough for you to have noticed them and remembered them, write down any thought that feels the same with a time and date, or mention it to a friend or family member (one that would be OK with weirdness!). Then write down if or when it happens IRL, and how close to the thought the event was, accuracy-wise. From your description, the events were similar or thematically related more often than they were exact, so it would be interesting to see how close things get. I think you’re experiencing synchronicity. 

https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Synchronicity

I personally don’t believe that people can tell the future, but instead you subconsciously observe clues that your brain subconsciously puts together and the only way to subconsciously communicate to you that something is going to happen is to have a song pop into your head. This is the way life is supposed to be. You’re on the right track, just pay attention to your thoughts and only let positive ones in No need to freak out, love! This is honestly a natural part of being human. Just take the information as it comes. With time and experience you will learn how to respond to the info that comes to you. I’m still learning as well. Frankly I have had this type of things happening before. Unfortunately we cant necessarily stop whats meant to happen. With these things you really must not worry unless they are bad such as the last one.

They happen to me every once in awhile but definitely more then whats considered ‘normal’- if you want to call it normal. Only worry when something feels BAD. You will normally get a deep-empty-hollow feeling within your gut. Its almost as if your stomach feels its being sucked into itself and as if you can FEEL the color black in your stomach. This is all for negative associations. 

Be safe- Blessings be. Best advice I can give you is work on the “freaking out” part. You don’t want that to escalate. In the moment, in the present, relax. “The Universe” is unfolding for you. You will learn more. Don’t be in a big hurry. Self care is very important. All the things: good food, plenty of rest, getting in touch with nature, relaxation. Asking your angels/spirits/guides (or whatever resonates with you) to help, guide and protect you is also a suggestion. It works for me.

Edit: meditation is worth exploring. It took me heaps of practice. There is no ONE way to do it. If you suck at it when you start, that’s totally cool. It’s like learning to ride a bike. Or a horse.

The “freaking out” part escalated for me and I ended up as an involuntary patient for a month, discharged with a hard core dx. That’s cool. It was a trip, I learned a lot, but it could have been avoided. The more you listen, the more you’ll hear. It’s a useful voice but try not to feel frightened or be disrespectful of your gift. Be honourable and kind and this gift will help you through your life. This is not as interesting but I had a similar experience recently. I was driving and listening to a song and I zoned out and started hearing Yesterday by the Beatles. After maybe ten seconds the car skipped the song playing in the middle (which never happens though I have a finicky radio) and plays Yesterday by The Beatles. Freaked me out a bit but moreso made me excited. I still don’t have a clue what to make of it now think that your powers will transfer to me and let's see it will happen or not😂 It happens to me frequently,  almost daily. These are all really strong vibrational shifts as well. You're glimpsing timelines bud. That's how it is. 5d earth and all that Kundalini syndrome. Check out the kundalini subreddit of Tara Springett on YouTube. You’re not alone. Stay rational. Equanimity is key here Omg weird same things with me. I’m still wondering wtf is it. I don’t know how I feel about knowing shit in advance .. I do the same thing i looked into it its known as the law of manifestation also known as working in the 5th dementin thinking law of attraction look into all the u will see It might just be manifestation. Dk Their are no accidents in the universe, the illusion of choice is just an illusion, you are just like water traveling down the river, u have no option but to flow even if u think u are still, you arnt. I lived with a very powerful medium.  She spoke directly to spirits while seeing them with her peripheral vision since she was 3 years old.  

A woman told her about her dream of having an accident in her car at a certain intersection.  She told her to stop going that route.  She did just that.  The accident still happened there with the same type of car the woman saw hitting hers.  

So, the accident still occured, but with a different person instead of her. 

So, ya, I totally get it. Dude! Be careful with your powers. You already made your teacher sick. Better learn how to control it fast before you hurt people! Actually I think I might have just been what’s called hyper focused Sounds like precognition, similar things have happened to me. Or it could have been a guide directly you to do that so you wouldn't get hurt. I have this. I can drop something that I'm holding and then catch it while it's falling down. It happens a lot Are you highly empathic? People do this to me as well. They say things like: I've never told *anyone* this, you're so easy to talk to, I don't know why I'm telling you this, etc.


Even strangers on the street will start talking to me and end up crying about how their Dad died last November or something.


For a long time I imagined that I had a flashing neon sign above me that said: tell me you deepest secrets and painful stories. Some people are just like that to be honest. They don't feel comfortable talking about these things to people in their lives so they spill to strangers. Maybe you're a great listener! Or you have good energy and people trust you What is your rising sign? Do any planets make aspects to it? I’ve definitely had a lot of moments like that lately. I did some research and a lot do shamanistic and spiritual people call it “divine flow”.  Being psychic is taking in more information about your surroundings then other people. Some people are born with the gifts but never become curious about how it relates to all of the universe or other ways to push the boundaries of reality. Other people have a spiritual awakening and then suddenly realize that they have had abilities all along but they were suppressing them.  This was me. The thing about a spiritual awaking is that there if you keep your mind open all of it is now open to you - manipulating energy, mediumship, precognition, remote viewing, manifestation, telepathy, etc. The key to all of this is meditation. When I started to piece it all together how the paranormal is all connected via consciousness I realized that there have been many times where my husband and I would get to a hotel room and it would just feel “all wrong” and I would make him get us new rooms. There was one time in Flagstaff that we couldn’t get a new room so I went out and slept in the car it was that uncomfortable. When I mentioned this to someone on one of the psychic subreddits they recommended a book to me that is and was a game changer Managing Psychic Abilities: A Real World Guide for the Highly Sensitive Person by Mary Mueller Shutan. This isn’t a book for wanna be psychics. This is a book for people with abilities that need guidance for managing them and growing them. She teaches “spiritual hygiene” and discernment. I can’t recommend this book enough. Yes, synchronization is a strong indicator that you are aligning on your life path. Once it starts happening it will continue to happen and you will be able to use it to fuel your growth. In doing so you will likely see an increase in psychic abilities. I only recently developed psychic abilities due to healing work. Heal yourself and you will be able to connect into universal energy which is how most with extra sensory abilities are able to do it. I feel that way sometimes. I've always considered myself to be hyperaware of my surroundings and somewhat of an empath, but I've never really had any aha moments. I'm also close to synchronicity with time. Sometimes I ask my guides and family members to send me specific numbers when they want to communicate. Wooooot!!!!!! So cool and fun for you! Your life is about to get weirder and weirder! Lol. Synchronicities are really common in like big drives when u first start to open up and become aware of your relationship with spirit( or whichever way you want to call it). Meditate and definitely keep an intuition journal and record these experiences. This in itself is huge and will help a lot. The whole aspect of accepting and validation of these experiences is what is important. I’ve heard it called the pyschic child before, and by validating that you’re in fact listening to your inner psychic child , such as recording these things and stuff you are  strengthening her voice and then it starts to get louder and louder and the universe is like yay! Someone’s in the other line I’m gonna keep talking! One fun thing to do is to practice manifesting something small. My favorite and most intense experience with this was with peacocks. So like just make the intention to see peacocks and believe it’s gonna happen. Don’t try and plan to see them or get discouraged if you think it’s been too long and you haven’t seen them yet, just accept that peacocks are gonna show up for you and get excited. Like u can’t wait. The universe is creative so it will probably come kn an unexpected way which is so much fun. It took me like two days maybe and then I was invited over a friend of a friends house after hours from a bar and her entire basement was filled with like a hundred different peacock images and statues and stuff. It was so cool! It was only when I stopped like aggressively looking for them but didn’t diminish that it would happen that bam! It showed up and showed up big! Lol. There’s a lot of fun ways you can exercise them. Memory and focus games are good too because these abilities do require a certain amount of focus and memory so just doing that alone will help. Also you can write a number down at the beg of ur day and see if it shows up a lot
For u. Or ask
Spirit to show u repeat numbers to communicate with you. Have fun!!!! The actions does not unbalance the centres, it is the thought processes behind the behavior that unbalance them. The unbalance is caused by the astral entity that are attached to the physical body rather than the physical body and outer actions, causing the unbalance. I feel like I only lose energy while masturbating if I watch pornography while I’m doing it. Being present and using my imagination instead seems to be more enjoyable. But I really try to only do it when I have the urge- not just compulsively like I used to. It seems to regulate my sexual energy if I only do it when I actually feel the need. Sometimes ya gotta release No. Porn addiction might. I don’t know about all this unbalance talk. Like where are you becoming unbalanced from? They’re energy centers and channels; I much prefer to talk about it in terms of blockage, flow and distortion. 

That being said, masturbation can actually be used to channel sexual energy throughout your whole chakra system. It’s amazing and if you’ve not tried it, I strongly suggest you do. Through this process, it can actually be used as an energy clarifier and enhancer. It can be intentionally used to unblock blockages. 

That being said, it isn’t always used this way and that can cause a lot of distortion and with enough of a rigid practice, can create blockages. I like to think of thoughts and intention like waves in a pool. When new thoughts come through, they create a ripple effect of other thoughts and feelings. Masturbating is highly energetic and can amplify these ripples. So a focus on something you view as shameful could cause a lot of big shameful ripples that can interfere and block and direct your thoughts, energy and action in the future. A focus on something beautiful and sensual and connecting and wholesome could have entirely different results. Who’s to say if it’s balanced or not, but it is intentionally choosing where your energy is directed and the affect it has on you. Not the action of it, is the thought about that, which is a red flag about our sexuality.

That person should have a trauma related or programmed into religions (another red flag) which causes at the same time some trauma For a man i think after release the first chakra is stressed out unbalanced for a week, because it takes a lot of energy to create semen Regular and unnecessary masturbation could. Masturbate only when necessary. Don't make it a habit or get addicted to it. Also, practise no fap once in a while atleast which will increase your self-control and also enhance your spiritual powers. ELL O ELL i think so. Yes it can unbalanced the chakra. Especially it cause Agya Chakra (The Third Eye) and root chakra(mooldhara chakra) deactivation. No but it increases dopamine No it’s good for that chakra From my understanding, semen is the most potant form of life force energy. It literally creates life. Im not too sure about chakras but it can drain you of chi There was an idiot who used to tell me mastrubation causes loss of spiritual power means ability to connect with divine. 🤦 yes. most definitely. you're abusing your sacral chakra, making it unbalanced. this will throw off your overall chakra energy since they will send energy to that chakra to heal it, but in return they'll have less energy. cut off all websites/thoughts that invoke lust. it is harmful. No if its in healthy ammount.

But overall if you are guy and you are ejaculating then you are losing a loooooot of energy. YES. In multiple ways. Sheilding helps a lot You can put salt around your doors, windows any openings. 
You can put up a huge wall of white light with the help of guardians or angels in order to block. 
You can reflect any energy or dissolve it in a field. What does it mean, someone getting reads? Visualize yourself in a protective light or warmth and ask your guides and other spiritual resources to protect you. You can say it out loud and/or pray if that is your thing. 

I listen to cleansing/protective meditation vibes. One time I put something to ward off dark energy and that night I dreamed of being choked by an evil spirit... I have no idea what this means but I'm keeping my positive energy. You planned it in between lives probably and that's why you had a feeling of it happening This sounds more psychological to me than metaphysical.  To me, it sounds like because you have an abuse background that you're always looking for that sense of home and belonging, which you didn't have.  People associate strong senses of loss with certain things.  You may want to look at the notion of["trauma bonding"](https://www.domesticshelters.org/articles/ending-domestic-violence/what-is-trauma-bonding?gclid=EAIaIQobChMImvucl6zW-AIVHfbjBx1ifwBeEAAYAyAAEgLCnfD_BwE).  That's more of what it sounds like may be going on. I know exactly what you mean! When I was growing up we moved around a lot, now that I'm an adult myself I've also moved a fair deal myself. I still feel connection with all the places I've lived, though some more than others. I still frequently dream about these old houses, and when I read books they're what I imagine the characters living in, and so on.

Recently one of the houses I feel most connected to went up for sale. I only lived there for about three years, when I was 10-13, but I guess those are pretty formative years. I haven't been there in about 18 years, but I want to see it so bad and I'm debating asking for a tour even though in reality I am in no position to buy it. I really wish I had the money to buy it, though.

I don't know if there's anything metaphysical about these emotions, but I do totally get what you mean about that insanely strong connection to a place. Hmm. What came to me is that you can pursue something like becoming a mentor, or a life coach. Have you ever considered that? 

Then people would come to talk to you. I had a great mentor that taught me so much. He was wise, open centered, and very spiritual.  Anyway, you sound like you'd be good at it The twin flame concept is only used to term what is an extremely spiritually catalytic relationship. This sounds a lot like my experience I had the kundalini awakening and then TF recognition shortly thereafter. The "telepathy" can be pretty upsetting I agree but the point is in spirituality that all things r within. While it's possible that she is sending u messages through astral or ether, it is fact that you are reacting to them in a certain way. (She may not be even doing it on purpose, it's possible, but it's also just as likely that she's receiving messages and projection from you too.) The point is to use all the pain, negative feelings that come up to identify triggers, transmute that and ultimately grow through it. 

In my journey, this is the only way to change the TF dynamic and shift out of the chaos. It is not easy but extremely rewarding. Like TFGemini said, you cannot "cut" the cord. Imagine u two r dogs walking on the same leash fighting for lead yeah it's annoying as fuck. But you are attached. This is the soul contract. The only way to shift is for one of you to move "up," and lead the other. Establish dominance per-se. Energetically of course. There can be no ego in this space it is extremely raw and difficult but this is why the TF journey is a major blessing even when it feels like a straight up demon witch curse. 

My advice- go within. Best of luck to u. I recommend moldavite (it's extremely protective and will assist you on your journey). Everything is energy and look into the law of attraction. Eventually once u both r in the same place then union may become possible IF thats what u want and for many this is a decades long lifetime journey. As spiritual ascension should be I have not found a way to block this type of communication. Most who are skilled in it are polite enough to disengage if you ignore them.


I have however, learned to creatively tell people to leave me alone. If I really don't want to speak with someone, or be observed by them, I SLAP them. I just create with intention, an automatic bitch slap any time they connect to or attempt to observe me. A slap so hard that it's "audible" to me. This also serves as a sort of intrusion detector, lol


Or you can envision her peering at you through a door or window, and slam it shut in her face.


If she persists, try envisioning your internal energy, pushing outward from you, to force her away from you. If she still persists, push her away with the force of like a small blast. Is the telepathy upsetting?

If so, you have every right to block it out.  Try clearing your mind/meditation first.

You can do chord cutting, and it doesn’t have to be painful. 

If she is actually your Tf it’s not so much a chord but rather you are the same soul.  And that’s not something that will change: many TFs do not come into union in a particular life time, or do so briefly. You can support each other energetically without need of a 3d relationship if that is not your desire.

You have free will and can shut off the connection, even if it’s “real”

But there are also false twins, or other hijacking that can occur. 

“ I am a sovereign being, and by the power of the god that I am, I do not consent to receiving messages from this being, entity, group or program” ( that will cover that person, or any other interference that could be on the line sending messages over the connection)

Try energetic chord cutting, there could be something from her heart to your navel (unhealthy) I like to visualize and literally “cut” with my fingers as scissors around my navel, and heart. You can also try cutting literal rope in a ritual. It doesn’t matter how you do it, it’s the intention.

You can call upon your guides, or if you align with the arch angels invoke them by name and visualize a sword made of energetic light.
 (no, they are not Christian in nature- I’d argue they were around long before and are ready to assist) First off, if these voices are telling you to do harmful things to yourself or to others, seek the assistance of a proper doctor.

Second thing, try shielding. I doubt this is a twin-flame thing (though it's difficult to discern if this is a vampiric attack) and if this connection is harmful, a cord-cutting ceremony ought to work.

Reason I don't think this is a twin-flame connection is that this connection is causing you distress and potentially harming you. Your twin-flame wouldn't do that (a decent human being wouldn't do that. Just sayin'.) The Kundalini awakening or as it's known in Buddhism; The Arising and Passing Away, released a ton of pranic energy, makes conscious awareness jump an octave of reality and can lead to powers. Because of the amount of energy you have at your disposal, the ability to manifest trajectories can be so forceful it can feel hard to control, like a powerful magnet that rushes and pulls towards anything shiny it wants or contrasts into fear. This insight stage is immediately followed by the stages of Dissolution, (which is the entrance into the Dark Night of the Soul), followed like clockwork by Fear, Misery, Disgust, Desire for Deliverance, Reobservation, and then Conformity Knowledge which spits out wide and cool and flowing into equanimity. 

The reason for this is because awareness is still in a dualistic pulse phased relationship with reality meaning ego is pulsing between figuring out what sensations in the field of awareness are you, and where is everything and everybody else. The A&P bursts that illusion by showing you unifying vision of reality and oneness but it's only a partial view because you see yourself as the center. This is a peak and profound move toward Enlightenment but for full enlightenment the illusion of a center point begins to be broken up.  So the Dark Night of the Soul are incredibly important insight stages where you acclimate to the sensations of non-duality which at first can feel terrifying and out of control. 

The first thing you should know is you are safe. Because you are not Lumpy-Ad's body or mind. You are awareness and Lumpy-Ad is within you. The Dark Night begins breaking that over identification with Lumpy-Ad. 

It might start with a twin flame and later everyone and everything is that tethered because there is no such thing as anything that is separate from awareness. The key is shutting down the ego mind before that happens so you move through life in perfect fluid zoning and watching thoughts go by. Or where thinking is not automatically felt to be the same as your volition. 

I'd strongly suggest reading Daniel Ingrams free book mctb.org where he goes into great detail about the Kundalini / A&P. 

The strategy is no matter how strange or terrifying these concepts feel you must note the sensations and thoughts aren't permanent (as in they flicker). If you can notice your fearful thought about twin flames flickers like frames of an old movie theater, then it breaks up the pranic energy you are feeding it and you won't tunnel into them. 

lmk what you think about these materials: 

https://www.mctb.org/mctb2/table-of-contents/part-iv-insight/30-the-progress-of-insight/4-the-arising-and-passing-away/

https://www.mctb.org/mctb2/table-of-contents/part-iv-insight/30-the-progress-of-insight/5-dissolution-entrance-to-the-dark-night/ Have you confirmed these conversations with her directly? 

You don't have to believe in TF to enjoy the intimacy provided by your connection to her. Just think of it as being really close to someone and being glad for it. 

What if you can never, ever, have this connection with anyone else for your entire life? What if you will never be this close to someone again? If it was me, I'd make the most of it right now and be glad that I can be so close to someone like that. it really depends om the type of connection, I know a person that I have a telepathic.energetic link with, I am unable to cut the cord with them as we seem to have a contract of some kind, but I was able to negotiate the contract & I have been setting many energetic boundaries in place to keep them out of my energy & space. that meant laying low on social media, & cutting out a lot of mutuals. the situation is annoying & tricky & I just dont have the time or energy to negotiate or communicate with this person spiritually right now. its just to much. you can telepathically tell her to leave u alone, take salt baths, do cord cutting & energetic shielding work. look into crystals for protecting your mental, emotional & energetic space. I am having the exact same experience without kundalini awakening. I mean not the “twin flame” thing, but some entities talk with me with only triggering topics in order to drive my life where who sent them asked them to. The entities can perform any voice and can make up any sound in my head. When the phenomenon started I was also hearing constantly a little whistle in my hears. By reading some books on psychic attack and protection from them I discovered that it’s the typical way we perceive the hole in our energy body created by those beings in order to communicate to us. Another important things is that in order to nail down the force of your energy body, someone (usually the attacker or one of them) will try to let you have emotional traumas or to install in you behaviors that will lower down your personal energy and self confidence. 

I am almost sure that if you look at happenings and the people around you, you’ll find clues about who may have triggered this situation.

Another way to spot who generated the issue is to think who will earn or is earning something desirable from your condition. Another way to tell this thing is where the money goes or who is taking advantage of you emotionally or in any other way. 

In my case their way was distracting me while they were taking from me all that they could! Be careful and find a trustworthy person who can help you.  

I have to tell you, by my side in 3 years I didn’t find one. People mostly have taken money from me without solving the issue they where asked to. 

I apologize for this negative viewpoint, but this is my experience and if it can help someone I am glad to share it. If what I said doesn’t make any sense for you, again I apologize, but just ignore it. 

Thanks for your sharing 🙏🏻 This doesn't sound like a twin flame to me! It could be SHE feels you are her twin-flame...

You can tell her energy 'no' with love.  Just like, have a heart-to-heart and let her energies know, even if it were true and you are her tf and she yours, you are not ready for that connection with her and she needs to respect your boundaries. Trying to force your submission to her belief through psychic attacks is really un-cool and causing you a lot of issues in your healing.

Something like:

I am so sorry.  Please forgive me.  I love you.  Thank you.

(The purpose of this is that any residual ties to the person drop because you've taken responsibility for your energy and acknowledged it's power by addressing other souls and beings this way, with love and respect-that harbor some type of emotional or other tie to you, we free ourselves and them at the same time). You need to meditate then make your intention clear that whoever or whatever is mentally telepathically communicating with them you want to close the connection off. Set the intent first, then sit and be the observer of the perceiver viewing the perceived. Try to have no thoughts. Doing this will dedicate all your energy to the will you intended and naturally it will work. Have no doubts. You can create anything. Get creative if you’d like visualize some sort of shield and program that shield with a intention of whatever it is you desire for example blocking the specific person from getting thru Can’t block it. I tried. You can ask your guides for help. Mines told me they’ll give me a break but it’s part of the process. You can’t run from your TF. You are one. The universe will constantly remind you. I remote view almost every day. Twin Flame journey is extremely difficult because you are essentially the same soul in two separate bodies. 

The sensations and feelings experienced are individual, intense and require a lot of soul and energy work on oneself.

However, a decent human being should lift you up and encourage you to be your best self. It is possible to have a twin flame connection with a toxic person and that's our choice to decide what we want for ourselves.

You can set boundaries and protective measures. Ask your guides and spiritual resources for help. Could be true. 

But does it sound rational that you are really communicating with a girl that likely barely remembers you from high school? Does it even seem remotely possible that she is putting this much effort into attacking you? It's so far from reality that you must logically see that?

If you don't then that's likely an indication of the issue you are currently facing.

The Djinn will deceive and attack those that are open and susceptible. They will lie and feed off of you, it's the laws of nature, you are easy prey, your vessel is corrupted. Sounds like you encountered a higher being. I've experienced both the "mind tugging" which you describe, as well as *feeling* that something looked at me. 


When you can connect to the metaphysical, sometimes beings wish to check you out. Sometimes they will extend communication and sometimes they simply have a look at you and leave you alone. Sometimes they wish to impart knowledge or information. And sometimes, they're out to mind **** you. 


It can be disconcerting when you first experience this stuff, especially when your only resource is how you feel and instinct. I was the same as you, pushing all of it away from the time I was a teen, by mentally yelling go away, leave me alone. I don't KNOW you! And then I'd crawl right back into my safe cocoon of logic and skepticism, lol


As an adult, I started on a spiritual path and began placing my brain into a meditative state. Reality is nothing like I thought and EVERYTHING is possible with the human mind and brain. It sounds like you did a good job defending and extracting yourself. It seems you may have astral projected. I don't have enough information or knowledge to give you more perspective, but I have read similar accounts and it seems you projected somewhere else. And that's beautiful and very fortunate! If you did Astral project, don't worry, you can't lose yourself and stay there. There is a silver cord that attaches your body to the one that astral projects, and you will always go "back" to yourself no matter how far you go Your ego has to die in order for you to fully open up to the other side.  You merge in a way with the energy flow.  It is like a raindrop landing in a deep body of water. everyone is psychic. some people are born more sensitive than others. just like some people are born with a natural inclination to golf, piano, or singing

you can be afraid if you want. you don’t have to develop any of your abilities. just like you set your boundaries with your aunt that crossed, you can set those boundaries with your self, your abilities, and any other “entities” that you may perceive

it sounds like you would benefit from some self soothing and inner child work around your abilities before deciding what kind of boundaries you would like to set. you always have free will

exploring your abilities is meant to be expansive, empowering and fun

any attempt to explore your abilities with your current perspective clouded by fear may cause more harm than good

think of your abilities like a bottle of champagne

if you shake and agitate the bottle before popping the cork you get sprayed, the walls get sprayed, the ceiling gets sprayed… it’s a mess

if you simply pick it up and open it, you get to enjoy the bubbles

when you get scared just put the bottle down. no one is going to force you to open it It seems to me you already know the answer. You just want someone to give you permission to not believe it. It’s ok to fear what you don’t understand but don’t let it stop you. From what I understand, left ear is internal energy shifts (changes in your internal vibrational state) while right ear is external energy (contact from the other side, etc) Could be spiritual, could be tinnitus, or high blood pressure too. Rule out the medical causes first! I get the same thing and I've assumed it to be the presence of a spiritual entity making itself known to me (for what reason I don't know.)

Perhaps the same is true for you? First, get hearing checked, as tinnitus can indicate hearing damage So I'm not the only one? Left ear too, it's virtually permanent, and started when I had my awakening. Or.. I first noticed it some time after that, I should say.

Closest thing to an explanation that i could find is, spirit is trying to send me messages, only, unfortunately my "antenna" isn't calibrated properly. Maybe just a tinnitus without any psyshic cause. I have it in both. It could just be natural, like mine. 

The hardest part after experiencing some high strangeness is to differentiate normal from paranormal after the experience. The best idea is to think normal 1st. Does anyone ever have the feeling that your ear is opening up? Hard to explain but in some moments, it feels like my ear is trying to listen more. Hopefully it’s spiritual and not tinnitus.  I suffer from Tinnitus and it started as an occasional high pitch noise in the ear and then eventually graduated to all the time For the last week both of my ears have been ringing none stop Tinnitus First rule out tinnitus or anything medical. 

If it's spiritual perhaps spirit is communicating and you just can't hear the message..  yet. 

If you're not practicing meditation already, it's the best way to quiet the ego mind. The more quite your mind the more clear "reception", for lack of a better word, you'll have. It won't happen over night just keep at it. i have something similar happen to me but instead it sounds like its in my brain and if i focus on it i can keep hearing it until some other noise distracts me or i stop focusing i dont know what it is tho It's like listening to the electrical signals of your brain. (in the case where it is not tinnitus) I have experienced it myself. Was reading earlier on Twitter an empath says our vibration frequency has been changing and we will get through this and be better then ever. Ready for ascension Sounds like a toothache, I’d hit up a dentist Rule out medical causes first.

Maybe spiritual. Sometimes one of my ears clogs up and rings for a minute or two and stops.

Other times it feels like my head is under water, it's clogged, I can hear myself and it goes away when I flip my head down. Trying to rule out medical issues first. Left ear ringing is a warning For me it has started when energy beings started listening and talking (against my will) to me. I read a book of a famous occultist of the last century saying that it’s the effect of an hole in the energetic body we all own. Unless legit tinittus. Yes some form of communication is against you or coming from your left side psychically, or both. Legit real. Some will be skeptical but enough anecdotal experience and proof in my life to know now. That you have tinnitus It could be a spirit trying to communicate, I usually get it in my right ear accompanied by physical sensations like chills and cold breeze on my arms. From my understandings the left ear is not a trustworthy contact It likely means your ear is ringing. You have tinnitus. Go see a doctor? 1 and 2: trial and error. 3: the birds were obviously on their way back from the mosque. When you have abilities become apparent it will be obvious. And that bird chorus Islamic prayer. Weird. I have a vague memory of that. As a muslim we believe birds say the prayer.prophet Solomon used to understand bird language I didn’t know people can hear them too there’s a mythical language called the Language of the Birds, only the enlightened can understand (also some ppl in turkey, i think, use it to communicate over distances). 
you know as they come (for 1&2) [removed] Yup happened to me one night after contemplating suicide. I believe it was my higher self just trying to soothe me While I can't give you a direct answer you should know this is an extremely common experience among many many people. Soooo many people report hearing their name called at night or while they have their eyes closed trying to sleep. Good question. I'd like to know the answer as well. This happened to me once very clearly. I was in a dark time in my life and utterly alone and absolutely nonspiritual. It made me perk up like a tiny spark It could have been an astral journey where you were having an interaction with someone and being so close to sleep made it easier for you to perceive and remember.

Also it could have been someone "pinging" you, names can be used to create a connection with someone psychically and are sort of identifying terms. My angel number is also 44, it has guided me many times at risky periods of my life (with big decisions looming) It's possible this was a [hypnagogic hallucination.](https://www.medicalnewstoday.com/articles/321070)

EDIT: I've had visions/hallucinations during that period of time between sleep and wakefulness. I've also experienced no such phenomena since the house-ward was installed (a system of wards to keep out spiritual beings and other energetic interferences.) So perhaps what you're experiencing is legit and some basic protections ought to help resolve this. Though don't discount the possibility that this is just a hallucination. It could be (which means there's nothing to concern yourself about.) I feel like my spirt guide done the same thing this morning when I did not want to wake up this morning but I accomplished so much to achieve my goal in life.. listen to it! What are you wanting to do or think about what your goals are for the day? Or imagine what you we’re supposed to and forgot what you were wanting to do! I done everything I wanted to today and it was because I got up when I did thanks to my spirit guide ❤️ It usually happens with me. I always hear people calling my name but when I ask them, they either refuse or sometimes, they aren’t even around I would also love some answers to this. It doesn't happen to me too frequently, but when it does, it's hard to forget. There was one night when I was still living at my parents' home (either college days or shortly after graduation) and I began to drift off to sleep in my bed. Then, very closely to my ear, as if hovering over me or coming from inside my ear itself, I heard my mom sternly, and clearly, shout my name. I bolted upright and went downstairs to see what she wanted, but mom was sound asleep 🤔

The most recent was here in my apartment. I began dozing off on the couch and heard a man (again sternly and clearly) shout my name. I was alone so talk about alarming. YES. This happened to me recently too. 

It was very late at night when a friend of mine was talking to me about about her past relationship.

I was kinda passively listening and mindlessly doodling at the same time so I think that kind of "relaxed concentration" helped. She also kept saying that I'd be able to guess who the person was if she told me where the person lived; like because she believed in me so much my guess is we had a strong "connection" during that moment too?

When she said the city, I just INSTANTLY knew the answer. Mind you, the topic of her story was a person I'd never even met/talked to before so imagine our surprise when I was able to give her a name - a full name.

Granted we all went to the same university, but how could I have known exactly who if we both mutually know hundreds of other people that went to uni with us too? Also if I didnt know who this person was before, how could I have associated them with the city my friend mentioned? 

When we both started to freak out, she asked me how I knew and I couldnt give her an answer... All I know was that a name just popped in my head and I KNEW it was correct before I even said it. There’s a few different practices, but grounding and sheilding are the gold standard and easiest to do. Grounding usually takes the form of slow, deep breaths, and being observant of the physical world around you, some people call it “being in the moment”. This gives you a much greater control of energy and emotions. There are some variations that use mantras and visualization, but those aren’t always needed. The second one is sheilding. Grousing gets rid of and stabilizes what’s here, sheilding keeps new stuff out. This has the same principal of deep breathing, but is more of a visualization exercise, imagining yourself surrounded by a white light of protection. Imagine all the things about this light and focus on them, what shade of white is it? Is it cool or warm feeling? Where is the light coming from? Perhaps your chest or belly? This really helps center the idea in your mind and manifest this protection for you Try this. Sit in a chair. Close your eyes. Take a deep breath. Feet flat on the floor. Hands separated and resting palms up on each thigh.

Create a grounding cord. This is a line of energy that connects your first chakra to the center of the planet. Your first chakra is a ball of energy about the size of a quarter that sits just in front of the base of your spine. Your grounding cord attaches to the bottom of that ball of energy.

Grounding makes your body feel safe, so you release energy more easily. Gravity pulls whatever you release, even your own energy, down to the center of the planet. No effort on your part. The center of the planet neutralizes the energy and returns it to whoever owns it. No karma for anyone. A virtuous cycle.

Nearly everyone goes to connect to the center of the planet the first time but stops at the soil, often making roots like a tree. This is a method that is taught in some martial arts styles, but it is not the best option for your spiritual development and healing.

So, notice the seat of your chair. Take a deep breath. Notice the distance between the seat and the floor. Now notice the distance between the floor and the soil below. Breathe.

Now notice the distance between the soil and the water table underneath. Notice the distance between the water table and the rocky mantle. Notice the distance between the mantle and the molten core below that. Deep breath.

Notice the distance between the molten core and the center of the planet. That ball of light at the very center of the planet is where you connect your grounding cord. Deep breath.

Say hello to the center of the planet. Do you get a hello back?

Notice the color and texture of your grounding cord. It may look like a line of energy, or look like something physical; a rope, a wire, a pipe, a tree trunk. Adjust it as needed to be in affinity with your body.

Getting this far means you've already released some energy from your aura and body. Now it is time to fill in the space that was created.

Create a gold sun over your head. Have it call back all of your energy from wherever you left it throughout your day and week. Work. School. Online meetings. Video games. Your fantasies about your future. Your regrets about your past. Wherever you've placed your attention. Just watch the energy come back and see if you notice where it came from.

Have the sun burn up and neutralize your energy. Then bring the sun into the top of your head. It will automatically flow into the spaces you created. Create a gauge to measure when you're full. Like a fuel gauge or oil gauge. You'll run better if you aren't a few quarts low on spiritual oil. If the gauge doesn't read "Full", bring in another gold sun.

Open your eyes, bend over and touch the floor, draining any tension from the back of your neck, then stand up, and stretch.

There is a progression with this technique. After grounding for ten minutes a day for a week or two, notice your grounding cord at the very end, while you're standing with your eyes open. Continue to ground with your eyes open and standing, and bring in another gold sun. Each day, increase the amount of time that you ground standing up with your eyes open.

After a week or two practicing this, add walking while grounded. Just notice your grounding cord as you walk. Say hello to the center of the planet while you walk. Bring in a gold sun while you walk.  If you lose your grounding cord, stop walking and recover it. If you have to, sit back down and close your eyes and create a new grounding cord.

After this, you're ready to take your grounding cord with you into your daily life. Shopping. Getting coffee. Wherever you go, you can ground. This, combined with a little amusement about seeing new things on an energy level, will keep you safe and sound.

Now that you're here, at the end of your grounding meditations, create a gold sun over your head. This time, fill it with your highest creative essence, your present time growth vibration, and your affinity for yourself. The first energy is a healing for you. The second is a healing for your body. The third is a healing for your affinity in your fourth chakra.

Bend over and touch the floor. Stand up and stretch. If you're ready for more, sit back down and ground some more. Otherwise, have a nice day!

Note that every image you imagine, the gold sun, the grounding cord, the center of the planet, your first chakra, your body parts, is exercising your clairvoyance. You may be imagining what your tailbone looks like, but you're also creating the image of your tailbone and reading its energy. This is practicing your clairvoyant ability. stop dealing with them? remove them from your life? you do not need spirituality to remove bad vibes from your life, you need a "balls" only how about going to a yoga class? or any class that you would enjoy

when you start practicing these abilities you’ll start attracting others that do or are at least open to the idea

it’s just about meeting new people so meet new people in whatever way it feels right

get to know others, let them get to know you and slowly open up about your practices when you feel comfortable

try not to get attached to anyone as they may very well not be into it and that’s okay!! (not always easy to remember)

what you seek is seeking you and remember that you are the best friend you’ll ever have so be compassionate and kind with yourself! Some shops offer classes or have psychics come in for paid readings. 

Impressive not sure how long it with take for things to get back to normal though. 

A word of advice about these community. Keep your expectations low. Keep your guard up again fraud. There is a lot of it. Especially when money is involved. I normally try to find a foundation or association I have the Edgar cayce foundation near me. My experience with looking at metaphysical shops is that you’re more likely to find covens than an organization. I'm clairaudient. My experience;  I always here Spirit come through using words. Not like a full on conversation, but a few words.

About a year and a half ago I started hearing a very high pitch frequency (not loud, just high pitch). Only in my right ear and only in the early morning hours during my sleep. 
It sounds exactly like ( don't laugh) morse code. It starts around 2:30 - 3:30 AM lasting until I get out of bed. It doesn't keep me from sleeping, but I would like to know why it's happening.

So just to rule out ear or sinus issues I saw my doc who sent me to ear, nose, throat specialist. Doc says all is good & normal except for one change. Apparently my hearing has gotten sharper, My range of hearing has increased greatly outside of what's considered "normal".

I agree. Loud noises, a loud TV, music, power tools, or PA system in a store is the worst. It's pain full to my ears. Unfortunately doc doesn't know why, but knows enough that there is no fix.😕 Apparently this happens to 1 in 50,000 people.

No, I didn't tell him I am clairaudient.  
I hate that I feel I have to hide that part of who I am bc these abilities THAT WE ARE ALL BORN WITH are still not accepted/acknowledged as main stream in society.
But with more & more folks awakening, hopefully in my lifetime, it will be perceived as NORMAL.🙏 When I began my discovery, I Conducted tests with myself and my spirit guides. For Example: ________(higher power/God/etc)  Can you turn it up-just a tad bit more so I can distinguish better? Also, pay attention to what’s going on when your ears start ringing and have a note pad to see if you spot any patterns. Also, don’t be afraid to set boundaries with your gift. “I’m not accepting anymore messages, it’s quiet time, STFU.” 

SN Story: At my old house,this spirit would try to get me to hear her side of the story. Her energy was kind of like Eeyore (sad,pessimist,depressed) and she would come in… WHILE IM DOING THE DISHES 😡I said 🗣B**** don’t come in here with that. No, I can’t help you right now. Just because I’m in the kitchen doesn’t mean you get to rant like that.” 

Hope this helps a bit 😌🖤 It sounds familiar. I guess you need to meditate more to develop it. I had similar meeting but with ben drowned\[related to creepypasta called: BEN DROWNED\] only once,retracted from talking with a thing mentioning ben drowned ever since that event. Also learned that provoking this stuff might not end well. Sleep paralysis is a weird thing. I have experienced it twice and both times were different but equally terrifying. All that to say that it’s not uncommon. I do sympathize though because as it happens you are as if in a movie just watching helplessly. Our brains do not enjoy having rem sleep disturbed and may have caused this episode you’ve experienced. Angel number are signified based on the number. 4:44 is a number that signifies that your guardian angel is with you and is watching over you. This can also be seen as a sign of protection, so if you see this number, know that you are protected. it could be a sign that you need to call on your guardian angel and others for help. So it may mean your guardian angels are listening and are ready to help in anyway, listen to your intuition cause it also may be that a big is coming your way and your angels are with you every step to support and guide you Sounds like a raising of vibration by letting go of negative things When I first started doing energy practices like this, I was shocked too how I could feel the vibrations!! It was so real!!! And I thought to myself… how did I live 40 something years of my life and not know that energy healing could be so effective and beneficial!! I’m hooked on it!!!! It really is amazing!!! I’m glad you felt it ❤️ Love is the strongest energy in the universe, and next to that is gratitude and forgiveness so you were calling in a very powerful vibrational force into your system. Not unusual at all that you felt that energy. Not every can feel energy like that so enjoy that experience and learn ways how to work with light energy for healing the self and maybe eventually working with others.🤗🥰 Thats just how muscle works Lovely name btw. You have a sense of 'that was me,' and 'that explains me' You don't. You can't. Through hypnosis. What you see in your dreams is no actual you. Most often you are only witnessing a reality. One of millions. They can relate to actual reality but usually thy do not. You see many things in dreams, more you don't remember. Instinct practice divination such as geomancy, i ching, or tarot cards daily to sharpen the skill. then simply journal your experience of psychic prediction in as much detail as you can. as for intent, work on your willpower & restraint from externals. It has been my experience over the last 15 years dealing with precognition that it is a gift that you do not control.  You have to take it as it comes to you.  The only times that I speak up about what I see ahead of time are the events that could harm people.  Unless lives are at stake, it has been my experience that it is best to keep quiet. It's very much possible to learn control of your abilities since you're clearly exhibiting psychic abilities, make it easier to understand in a way you can, study the energies providing insights for predictions and rule out possible scenarios. Either way mentoring and proper research of your abilities is most efficient, since you'll get insights from an experienced diviner who's been in your position You kinda don’t, it comes when it wants, but being grounded and introspection helps you sue that info better I’ve definitely experienced this, both at home and work. The only common thing is that it’s always a female voice. Same thing happens to me. Usually before bed or during meditation. Could be beings in the astrals trying to get attention. Have you heard other things besides your name? I have, don’t have an explanation tho I am actually reading a book that provided an interpretation of this experience. It said when you hear your name being called but you look around and no one is trying to get your attention, it could be that someone is thinking of you or thinking of contacting you. I also agree with one of the other replies, it could be an astral trying to get your attention. Welcome to the wonderful world of having psychic gifts. They're not as cool as people think most times. I get chest pain and am unable to breathe when I get these kind of messages.

Seriously though, if you're interested you can start looking into it and see where it leads you 😊 I'll tell you a story about a day where I was so very frustrated that my emotions spilled into other negative energies. I design and develop software, and in my profession, devs can go from being immensely confident to having a crisis of confidence in a single project. Frustration becomes impatience, which turns into anger and questioning of one's career (short lived [Memes about it](https://www.reddit.com/r/ProgrammerHumor/comments/qe0q5o/i_am_not_a_bipolar_but_a_developer/) ). 

One day the frustration was particularly bad and I was struggling with concentration. It got to me and my wife walks in, sits on my lap. I feal a 'bubble of negative energy' in my stomach and it starts to ease (I physically feel this energy start to 'pop' towards my wife). I stop it because I feel it going into my wife. She looks at me and says 'Its ok, just let it go.'. I let it go and she instantly bursts into tears crying. 

From my experience, it seems you can physically feel someone's emotions, more than our physical laws suggest. The question is can you experience this with random people instead of your life-partner and with less intensity? You are now becoming awake! Congratulations the world is not at all what you thought it was - it’s a million times more weird and wonderful the n you ever imagined. 

Precognition is one of the things that registered in me first. I had dreams that absolutely came true and I didn’t know how to tell anyone about it.  I also realized I could sense then energy was “all wrong” - so many times we would travel to hotels and I would make my husband change rooms because the room just felt “bad or wrong”. I never let myself really think why! Along the way posting here I found some great help. First - this book is a game changer - Managing Psychic Abilities: A Real World Guide for the Highly Sensitive Person by Mary Mueller Shutan. This isn’t for wanna be psychics - this book is for people who are either just realizing they have ability or know it and want to be able to manage it in their lives. It teaches about psychic cleansing and protection things that are essential now that your are aware that you have some ability. Also once you are aware all bets are off - it has become a spiritual awakening. This means that you shouldn’t pigeonhole yourself as just psychic abilities. Guess what else is real? Magick, Remote Viewing, Mediumship, Manifesting (Law of Attraction), telepathy, energy work, divination, tarot, life after death - it’s all on the table now. You should learn just how far you can go with all of this and keep yourself protected. Each of these has a subreddit with fantastic people that will help you along the path. 

Secondly there is a subreddit called /r/precognition which is very specific to - you guessed it - precognition.  It’s very satisfying to see the the science and other available resources on this topic as well as being able to grow this ability and meet other people with similar stories. Definitely join in on the fun! I want to thank everyone for your encouraging words and advice! I’ve been super confused about this whole thing since last night and have even talked to my mom about it. I feel like i’m ready to explore this world. Thank you everyone so much. [removed] I would not call this an existential crisis. I think you have realized that there's much more to your existence than the body you inhabit. Well done! Wow! Interesting how the stars align sometimes, right? Precognition saved my life in so many ways. I had my first precognitive dream at 21 and also went thru an existential crisis a bit. But I wouldn’t change it for the whole world. The universe is so much more fascinating to me and I wish people only knew the fraction of what they’re really capable of. I have been having reoccurring dreams since I was a child. I can usually tell now at 29 which are authentic and which are coming from a place of ego. Recently I have been magnetically drawn to certain people that I had dreamt about years ago but not met in real life YET. All met in very random, and very specific turn of event type situations that took a lot to get to in the first place (like a last minute emergency work trip to SF on Memorial Day and meeting in a hotel bar that wasn’t serving food, and randomly being approached and talked to for hours when normally people do not approach you?). I’m almost tripped out by it and I’m not sure if it’s because I am being drawn to certain vibrations that are at my same energetic level or if something else is happening but it would sure be nice if we could tell when or if something was worth putting energy into 🤣  i definitely exercise alot of caution when deciphering my dreams and sometimes that means that I will have had the same dream for years before the premonition occurs. Usually they are very close to the event that occurred in real time as well, but I don’t put that together until analyzing afterwards typically. I now keep a dream journal. Highly recommend. i've had dreams come true before, or dreams that didn't make a lot of sense that do weeks/months/years later. I recently had one where my partners deceased father (he died in December, we started talking in April) came to me in a dream and introduced himself. At the time, I didn't know who it was. My partner then told me later on his dad died in December. I looked up the obit, and it was the man from my dream.

i didn't tell my partner about this, as i didn't want to freak them out.

i've also had dreams where dead relatives visit me and we hang out in the dream. i had one not long ago of my cat that passed away, and he let me pet him.

minds are funnt things! Yes, I've had an experience a lot like that, though it wasn't in a dream, it was in a vision I had in a trance.

It kinda makes me uncomfortable to talk about though because it involves someone's last moments. I learned later a few years afterwards that the important details I saw were accurate.

What I can suggest is to relax and do some grounding exercises. I can't give you any pointers on how to control this because I haven't fully learned how to control it myself. Stop thinking about them. You're probably in a mild depressive state. I was like that for 8 months after letting go of my narc. Stop pining over those past few good memories you had together. That's connecting you to their energy. Emotional energy like love transcends space and time, so you dont even have to be in the same place or time to connect with someone energetically if you love them. You have to let yourself be sad and grieve their loss. Like that person died. Trust me. Those type of people do not change. Toxic people are toxic because they were brought up that way. That person isnt going to change just for you. Being a narcissist is their natural state. They've probably been that way since early childhood or adolescence. 

Find something to do. Take some classes, find a new side job. Find something that will take up your time and make you focus on other things. that way your mind and heart doesn't always go back to the past. Light exercise does wonders for depression. And cold showers. The cold will make your body release norepinephrine which will counteract the depression. Exercise helps produce dopamine which should help you feel okay for a few hours.

Hope you get better. Love yourself the most. In a year you'll be appalled at what you let yourself go through by being with this person, and you'll be someone that will know and attract better. have def dealt with some narcs & it seems they have strong energetic cords I have had them interfere in my dreams before. lots of showers & epsom salt baths, yes cord cutting also Try and be friends with them, dont fight them anymore, youre not doing too well with your current approach so change your approach, reach out and validate them, make them feel like they dont want to hurt you anymore. Be there friend. when u start seeing more clearly, u may feel anger or resentment, I have experienced that recently. been having things revealed & mourning parts of my life I felt I wasted by over giving to others & letting them cross my boundaries for years. people I dont see or talk to (anymore) but caused me a lot of damage in regards to relationships  & ability to form close bonds. Yes once you see you also see the shadows. Shadowwork is really important at this stage. You need to let it come up search for the root of it and forgive at the root. It may take some time or you even have to do it more than once. Important is to really find the root and forgive the situation and heal.

In zen this is called going to the mountain and it ends with the words „ARIGATOU ZAISHÖ“ which means thank you, illusion

The mountain is a picture for your consciousness. While at its feet the next level of consciousness awakens it then get more steeper until the top you are surrounded by ice and harsh conditions like the final trial of your new consciousness

Once cleared and you placed the stone and cloth ( or cross or whatever you think is your sign) you have achieved a dhyana ( a status of consciousness)

Good luck That could be something unexpressed within you. I have ancestral anger from opening mine but it’s almost at conflict with the peace Im gaining within Bc that’s what’s needed in the world if that makes any sense I'm fighting it, honestly. I feel the anger but I see it as a negative pathway, leading only to pain . Nothing you can do about things that happened even a second ago. All you can control is your present and future. 

I feel anger over many things, including people that simply won't listen but I cannot make them and anger sets me up for personal pain by creating an environment for it to snowball.

Now, if you haven't put these things to rest in your life, then perhaps that's what you are going through. A pathway to forgiveness. Question:"how did you open it?, because I have been trying to open it recently any tips and tricks?"
Thank you. It is important to remain calm and proceed slowly.  It can get stressful sometimes, but the important thing to remember is that the future is not set.  Not everything you see will come to pass, but a lot of it will.  Speaking from experience, the only scenarios where it is worthwhile warning folks ahead of time are when a life or lives are at stake.  If you have questions or need someone to talk to, my dm's are open to you.  You are not alone. If I could add, make sure to look after yourself/energy. Try stay grounded and don't let yourself slip. I made that mistake and it took a long time to rebalance and get back on top of myself.   


It's a gift for sure, but it can turn into a curse if you aren't careful. Trusting yourself, meditation, grounding, all the good stuff will keep you on the right path. Good luck and you can also DM me if you have questions or just wanna chat. May I ask what type of meditation you did? I got a message that I'm supposed to work on my root chakra so I've dedicated my whole week to it. Seeing this when I go on is very synchronistic. I dont see with my physical eye yet.. Your doing great. Keep unblocking the rest of the chakras. one by one. The svadhisthana will guide you and especially the manipura will help you to find confidence in your precognition. 

Once you cleared the heartchakra the upper chakras mostly unblock themselves to the crown. And you can go from there to the higher chakras. Meditation will be your ally in this.

More because it'll help you keep your chill vibes chill. But it'll also give your mind a chance to connect with these visions (though keep in mind, not everything is set in stone.) 11 life path? I like to call it intuition, but lots of people say psychic Put energetic protection around your physical and your astral bodies. Very interesting. However, I believe the group you want is r/astralprojection

This group is very supportive and good for you to stay in as well Some may not know what you are. Perception is different for everybody. Keep in mind that those who can perceive you to an extent are sensitives and practitioners of different traditions. Most would rather not take chances. Sounds pretty interesting and I’d love to hear more about your experience. 

Now, I’ve interacted a little bit with this side of things (hence the username), and usually it’s one of a few things:

1. Beings looking to pick a fight, for sport or out of boredom. Generally a firm no will help them to back down.

2. Less experience beings mistaking you for evil. This seems to be more common as more people discover the astral and are (rightfully) paranoid. Again, be confident and calm. 

3. Energy theives or in general bad beings looking for something to gain. These require a little more work and eventually you’ll need to actively fight back or have good sheilding in place. Having such protections is a good idea regardless, it’s like a repel in Pokémon - keeps the less powerful things you don’t care about away. Don’t say “I just knew”, say “I had a hunch”. People take that much better.

I’m trying to understand how the CCTV looks into the bathroom… I feel this! It really sucks when you can tell someone has very dark energy and everyone thinks  they're great and that youre weird for not loving them too lol. I also hate it because I can tell when people are talking badly about me :( and a few times Ive definitely felt someone thinking about me sexually. It's taking me years to accept that I have these gifts as well. I feel like I found a lot of answers in non-duality. The future is not set and I have yet to find a way to not sound nutty when discussing future events.  Been dealing with this stuff for 15 years now and still learning.  The important thing is to be patient and stay calm.  Unless harmful events are coming, I usually keep it to myself. I’m in the same position and look crazy 😂 not helpful I know. Mines mainly a feeling I know when and where something is going to happen but not exactly what it is. 
I have dreams but I don’t usually realise I’ve had the dream until I’m having the experience then it all comes back and I know what’s coming next You just live with it,as usual. Grow indifferent as it is daily occurence,same as in my case.

My abilities mostly relate to vision so i grew indifferent and play around them:

>!Like if i see a black cloud moving in the corridor of my house i pretend to not notice it,otherwise missfortune will be shot at me,which i tested multiple times.!<

>!Sometimes i see something in the corner of my eye and if it is nice colour\[one of the rainbow\] i just drag its attention to me for some luck.!<

>!Sometimes i have visions of future.!<

>!Sometimes i have cryptic nightmares,my last nightmare was similar to final fantasy 4 asura trial where i was tested by 3 entities in the bodies of the kids.!<

>!Sometimes i am forced to sleep to experience a nightmare or dream of future.!<

And i am living with all of it,it's preety normal in my life and i dont talk about it outside the internet. So get used to your abilities or grow indifference to em. When I’m around others or if someone else is home with me , i speak with my guides through my mind. After all that’s how I hear them so yes ! You don’t need to speak out loud to them, they hear it all. It takes practice to discern your inner talk from theirs. Sometimes they come across as different voices and sometimes, your own. Then you have to figure out is the energy your or theirs.  I find if it’s your voice, it’s usually a weaker spirit, they can’t quite get enough together to appear different enough. 

Eventually, you can have full conversations and not a word is spoken. Practice and if you aren’t sure, ask them for signs. Maybe things are said in a way you’d never say or different choices of words or accents. 

If you set up an easy yes or no type thing, you can learn to quickly discern. Yes, they hear your thoughts. And they can see through your eyes as well as those of animals. I find that I do both lol if I lose something in my house you will hear Ok guys I can't find it and I have to leave I usually find it and say thank you and leave lol my husband got so used to it he asks me to to ask 😂 lol but I also do have quiet time in my mind with them and as I relax and meditate or listen to music especially if I astral travel they show up where I am and we talk it took me 4 years to form such a great bond but I had to get out of my own way along the way I have taught some of my clients that have become students how to #1 stop thinking 🤔 they are crazy for hearing, seeing, and feeling things, how to talk to their guides in any situation and how to form a tighter bond but you truly have to listen to your intuition and also not be afraid to talk to them some journal, some talk aloud like me at times lol 🤣 and some talk in their minds. Once you stop caring about what the world thinks it will get easier They can read our thoughts but aren't often actively doing so. I find it's best to begin any communication by mentally addressing them to begin a conversation. By name, if you know it but in my experience, they won't tell you their name. I use all sorts of made up descriptive names which I assign to those who won't tell or confirm their names, lol 

Just say In your mind that you wish to hear your guides talking to you

The best time to hear them is when you are sleepy
That's when mine usually talk to me

Your guides have probably already been talking to you but you just don't notice them


When you are sleepy before bed just pay attention to the words you are thinking

Then eventually you will hear words and then sentences that arent your thoughts but your guides communication


I first noticed my guides talking to me in my sleep
I would wake up and realize I was talking to someone

Like I was channeling my guides in my sleep

Now they occasionally talk to me when I'm tired they are very nice and encouraging

On occasion they even talk to me in my waking life but it's rare Yes they can. Any spirit can hear what goes on in your mind. They can also see alot more than we can. Hoped this helped, blessed be❤️ Yes, as long as you’re ok with it. Mine sense my emotions too and will speak to me about my emotional state. They did that a lot after my most recent breakup and it was really healing. Thank you for your reply. Sometimes I feel super aware of "little things " that I know are signs.. like its obvious and clear. Like the ones you mentioned.  I need to keep that in mind. 
I guess another question I would have is what do you call, or explain the "deep need" I feel I have to communicate with something higher? Maybe just loneliness?  If there is anything out there that can describe why one may feel that way, I'd like to know.. I really want my intuition back. I used to have excellent intuition. So I feel a strong desire to get that back and communicate with my higher self & guides.. 
I wonder if theres a way I can understand it better.
I know I'm seeking to grow. Maybe it's just as simple as that. Yes, and memories. Dude your brain is what processes your consciousness, spirits are not living beings for Christ sake If you instinctively think that the dent represents strengthen, then that's most likely the answer. Especially if that was your first gut intuitive feeling. I started noticing something like this the more I worked on my body through meditation poses and kriya yoga. A teardrop shaped dent began to form just above and between my eyebrows. I take it as a sign of balance between body and mind. You said it yourself, you get the runs. You have a physical reaction to the energy. If it was mental or all in your mind - you wouldn’t have the physical reaction. 

Blessings to you and your mom. I know this must be a difficult time for your family. 💕 I believe that white smoke is called ectoplasm. It’s pretty rare to see. The thing is that you sorta don’t know if it’s your mind playing tricks on you or not and you kind of never will. Kinda just gotta sit with it. And really at the bottom of it all, a lot of what people experience in life is a projection. Try not to get too in your head about it all. It’s easier said than done. A friend used to always tell me that I had so much head energy and the energy needed to be dispersed and released. Sometimes I try to remember this when I’m feeling what you’re feeling. No psychic will be 100% correct, ya know? Psychics read the CURRENT energy they’re seeing, feeling, hearing, etc. We all know the infamous saying that energy can’t be created nor destroyed… but it can be changed. So, I do believe our decisions can change the trajectory of our lives. I’m in no way discrediting her abilities, but be careful with putting a lot of stock in reviews stating how accurate she is. She may be accurate for others, but may not be for you…. even if she has 5 star reviews from hundreds of people. You won’t always vibe with every reader that most people vibe with or vibe with everything they say. 

I also wouldn’t stress about it either. If all else fails, trust your gut. That’s one thing that’ll never fail you. A reading is always only ever the advice & interpretation of someone, in that moment in time, from their unique perspective, filtered through their own bias, judgements and experience. 

We can be wrong. We’re only human and even the best of the best of us can’t be 100% accurate 100% of the time. Sometimes things can be right at the time of the reading, sometimes we just interpret the stuff wrong, but future predictions are even more open to change because so are we. We have free will, and so does everyone else whose actions even slightly impact ours. Future predictions don’t come with assurances or guarantees, because the future is malleable, and therefore should always be taken with a mountain of salt. You may stay on the exact same path but the people whose future will impact yours may not do.

You can change the trajectory of your life, because it regularly changes by your actions & decisions. And as I said other peoples actions change it too. Whatever energies your reader was interpreting in your reading, have changed now. They changed the minute you left, they changed as you were writing this post, they changed as people have replied to you. It’s a butterfly effect. The energies change all the time so the probabilities of your future have changed too, and your reader was telling you about the most likely probabilities in the moment of your reading. If you want something, it’s upto you to make it happen, if you want to avoid something, work to avoid it. The future is yours to shape. 

Just as a footnote, testimonials and reviews don’t always guarantee a good reader. Besides the fact they can be faked, just because someone is a great reader for your friend won’t guarantee they’re a great reader for you either. That saying about being on someone’s wavelength? There’s a lot to that! Not everyone is on the same wavelength and it’s easier to read those who are, and not as easy to read those who aren’t. Not that there’s good & bad wavelengths, just different ones. Think of it as tuning in a radio, some stations you can tune it crystal clear, some you get a lot more static and white noise. 

Only time will tell if her predictions come to pass but if she said you’re going down a road you don’t want to go, take control of things and change your direction. We can only ever give advice, it’s up to the sitter to go and implement those insights into their lives if they want to. There are infinite universes, and infinite possibilities. Some people read the most probable future given your current state, and apparent trajectory. That does not mean you’re locked into any of it. You are the creator, and you have the power to manifest the life that you want. Trust yourself above some stranger you paid $300, no matter how accurate she was about some things. Do your best not to give your power away. Starting now, take steps toward creating the future that you desire. Little adjustments today turn into big shifts down the road. Good luck! Fate is like a code, it is pre-written, but what possibility will play out is  
based on your decision.

I will try to make a parallel between this comment and your reading:  


So mb the psychic got a glimpse that you tend to upvote comments  
and based on that gave you a projection. But you can always make different decisions.

Perhaps your desired future come up when you start downvotes or giving awards   
or replying to comments.

You see the comment will remain here, but what happens with it is your decision.  
It's the same with life. You have free will, every choice changes your future timeline I always tell my clients that I can’t predict the future with 100% accuracy. At the end of the day there is free will and we are creating our own reality. You leave my reading and last minute decide to turn left instead of right and there you have it, a change could occur just like that. 

For this reason I tend to focus my readings on what needs to be done in the now time put yourself on your true path and be sitting in your highest power. My readings tend to focus on healing to get to the place where your future self will be able to make the decisions needed to be in your highest good.

Edit to add I would never tell a client that something is 100% going to happen or not happen in their lives. I am really critical of any reader who does fertility, etc readings for this reason. But everyone is different Don't stress about it. She could be wrong. Or maybe one day you'll decide you actually don't want those things. Or your position in life will change and they won't be important to you anymore. Or maybe she was just sensing that those things would require far more work for you than a different life path. Honestly though don't even stress about it From what you stated she sounds legit. Remember the very best of psychics are usually 80- 95% correct. It's nearly impossible to be 100% correct.

A psychic is a vessel used by Spirit  to bring messages to you. Spirit communicates using symbols, pictures & words the psychic has to interpret the meanings, as they themselves understand, and pass that message onto you.

I recently used this as an example of what I mean.
Spirit used an image of a painters pallette  to relay acknowledging that their person had been remodeling & painting a house.
The psychics interpretation of Spirits message was that this person was an artist, but they were not.

My point is we get bits & pieces, symbols, images or a word and we try to interpret what Spirit is showing us. 
White roses/flowers to Me represents a birth, adoption or new beginings. My psychic friend interprets white roses to mean innocence, pure heart or a passing.

There's not a guide book like a dictionary for psychic interpretation. Spirit speaks to each of us differently using what we will best understand.

I hope that makes sense and is helpful in understanding a bit about working with a psychic. I'm not familiar with most psychics, so I don't know. I used to get annoyed by tarot readings because I didn't like the outcome, but it turned out it was actually for the best and something better would come along. That could be the same for you. Also, don't put too much faith in psychics so they could be wrong and are not always accurate all of the time No one can tell your future with 100% accuracy. You have free will and can make new decisions at any time. I basically just went and did the same thing but it was a bit more costly and she started out strong actually right away talking about what I came to ask her about without having been able to ask it yet. A lot of it was interesting and accurate. 

But a good portion of it, she misunderstood my question and went off on a tangent about the wrong thing so I was discouraged. 

It made me wonder if it’s sorta like the average success of highly trained remote viewers, where they’re getting 60% or more accurate hits but there’s still 40% or less where they miss the target. 

So it makes me wonder a lot about what she said. There was a lot of ego involved on her part, she talked about herself a lot and also charged hourly. So I felt like that added $100 could have been avoided I guess. Left me wondering who tf I had just been speaking to, she left me with the weirdest vibe. I feel we define our future based on the paths that we are shown.  You are free to go on any path so, in my opinion, no one can predict your future with 100% certainty.

Good luck to you and I honestly feel no one knows your future for sure. You shouldn't let anybody tell you what you can and can't do. Do it anyway and prove them wrong. There is no linear set in stone path, there are infinite futures and possibilities, and these potential futures coalesce as probabilities, probable futures based on what you are doing now, but you can change that at anytime, by changing yourself. >How accurate is this?

Were you given a cold-reading? If so that would explain some of it. (Cold reading is a trick that charlatans use to convince you they're psychic. If you're being cold-read, chances are the person is just another charlatan.)

>Can we change the trajectory of our lives based on our decisions and our efforts

One thing I believe is that the future is often not written in stone. There are some events that are bound to happen (which are often just the continued ripples of previous choices/decisions affecting us today) but most of it is in flux.

As in, you can predict futures all you want but there's no guarantee that they'll even come to fruition. The vision being had could be a legitimate vision, but for a different universe (multiverse theory comes into play here.)

It's one of the reasons why I'm cautious about fortelling the future in my practice. Ok so... Think of it this way: you're on a path. There are some forks here and there, and you have to choose one. Your psychic looked at where the forks led, and didn't see the things you want being along any of the paths. 

In this case, to get what you'd desire, you'd have to get a machete and carve your own path to what you want. Basically your psychic is looking at what is available to you, on the paths. What you want is off the path entirely. It's not in your realm. It isn't impossible, it would just be a very difficult journey for you, perhaps even more difficult than it would be for another person. 

Let's say for example, two people want to sing. One is a nobody from a small town who just sings okay.  The other is the child of a famous singer, who also sings okay. The singer's kid has access to things that will help them become a better singer and a parent who can get them some exposure. The nobody has no tools, no way of getting exposure easily, no connections. In this case, the singer path would be easily accessed by the singer's kid, while the nobody would have to force their way there, they'd have to work ten times harder to get the same career, despite having the same amount of singing talent as the singer's kid. A psychic, at the beginning of their journey, would easily see the singer's kid in a future where they're singing for large crowds, and then they'd see the nobody working a 9-5 and maybe singing in a church choir on Sundays. Can it be changed? Probably. Future's malleable. But it would require a massive amount of hard work and sacrifice and goal oriented planning on the part of the nobody, who is disadvantaged compared to the singer's kid. I mean, it sounds like she knew a lot, based on what you’re describing. 😂 No psychic is gonna be 100% accurate, and you should always take what they tell you with a grain of salt. Don’t let a reading dictate how you approach your life. You’re in charge. Maybe this is the exact advice you needed right now to help your fulfil your destiny? If you catch my drift. I am late to this conversation but really wanted to encourage you that the future is fluid.  Anything is possible at any time, and ultimately you are in charge of the trajectory of your life.  I understand it can be disappointing to get a reading like this because we see people - like famous or well known psychics - as authorities on the future.  The truth is, you are the authority, and you mustn't give your power away to someone in the hopes of finding comfort in what they tell you.  

So many really good answers in the thread already, just wanted to give you mine. No one can predict with certainty your future as it's fluid. You have control over it.
I have changed my own. Time is always changing and so is life. I wouldn’t out much thought into it. Something that could have happened two seconds ago could be null within another second Whatever you believe is true. Believe you can create your own destiny and follow through. I used to believe in tarot. All of it was BS, honestly. And I speak from experience and that was the last straw. Today, if I come across tarot I just politely decline. Serves me right for wanting to know what’s going to happen. As humans, we just need to take a frickin step back and walk through our lives the way it was meant to be. I dont want to be looking over my shoulder every 5 mins or expecting some miracle just bec a psychic or tarot reader said so. Theres a lot of disappointment if it doesnt come true. And a lot of heartbreak and stress too. Free yourself from this. Live life as it happens. And lower your expectations. I wouldn't listen to anyone who tells me something will not happen with confidence. If anything, I will live to prove them wrong. Why someone like her is famous is beyond me. Maybe she sensed you needed a push and used reverse psychology on you?

*What's Really Going To Bake Your Noodle Later On Is, Would You Still Have Broken It If I Hadn't Said Anything?* Who is this psychic. Are you allowed to name names? Not sure what the rules are on this sub. Yes you can absolutely change the trajectory of your life. Especially when you know what’s coming. [removed] By what you described, famous psychic with heavy accent - i'm wondering if you saw the long island medium? that's why imo paying fortune tellers money is waste of money Letting a psychic tell you what you can and can't do dumb  anyway it a matter of if you do it not so much anything else Hopefully that guy who copy pastes their method will show up, I should really save that comment myself lol. 

Essentially you wanna learn how to meditate, then once you're able to clear your mind of wandering thoughts and emotions, you can begin to set a space for your guides to come through. A popular method is to envision an open, peaceful place where they can show up, and where you can always go back when you want to meet up with them. Other things go into it such as grounding and shielding to ensure that you're able to connect with the right energies. But being able to meditate and push any personal crap out of the way is key to having a strong connection. Automatic writing is a great technique, Gabby Bernstein has a good video on YouTube. We have a couple of guides in the sub wiki that might help you! 
The first is an art ticket about meditation that then goes on to discuss how to meet your spirit guides so scroll past the first bit if you aren’t interested although a good meditation practise would definitely help

https://www.reddit.com/r/Psychic/wiki/index/faq?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf

The other is a ‘how to connect to your spirit guides’ from the best of section of the sub. Hope these help some? 

https://www.reddit.com/r/Psychic/comments/76lobf/how_to_contact_your_spirit_guide/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf Do it in a lucid dream Look on YouTube for Guided Meditation to meet your Guides.  There are tons there. 💜 > Then she ended with someone cursing my mom when she was pregnant, but I ended up absorbing it. Claimed that all the positive things she said about my future can come true if I go through a ($300) cleanse. That’s when I called bullshit and felt so hurt because I was genuinely getting emotional in the beginning. I kindly declined and left.

You did the right thing for sure. This is a common manipulation tactic to extract as much money as possible from vulnerable clients. Those neon signs combined with "open 24 hours" are two red flags on their own, so it's no surprise that it escalated to the "pay me more to lift your curse!" bit lol. *No one* who uses those neon signs is legit from what I've seen, it's just an easy way to grab people's attention who are bored, lonely, or desperate, not unlike a flashy strip club sign tbh.

In order to find someone who has a serious practice, it's best to become familiar with your local spiritual community and use word of mouth recommendations. If there is a magick store nearby that has a good reputation, that can be a good place to start since they tend to hold community events or be attached to other people or things in the area. Reddit seems to have some helpful folks too - there's a subreddit that actually verifies people's abilities before they're allowed to advertise services but I forget what it's called [removed] Stay the hell away from anyone that says "future can come true if I go through a ($300) cleanse". This is why I don't put too much stock in the visions of fortune tellers and other professional "psychics."

Too many charlatans out there. So many that it's damn near impossible to get a decent reading (the genuine psychics out there aren't usually plying their services.)

EDIT: That last bit, about the curse, that's one of the oldest scam openers ever. As you noticed, they end up trying to dazzle you into thinking you have a curse and they (fascinatingly enough) have the solution and that's where they get you. The readings they offer are more like "how to detect a rube gullible enough to fall for my scam." I am not psychic, only answering from my experiences, the others are right, it is a scam! And it’s very wise of you to ask here. This is where I’ve learned so much about what to expect and how not to get scammed. I unfortunately before finding this page, fell for the scam… and lost alot of money just hoping it would help me out of the lonely place I was in. It didn’t… the person took my money and ghosted me soon afterwards. There are real healers. I personally like to see what people write on these threads, get a sense for how they are and what they do. And sometimes I will reach out to someone because I feel drawn to them for some reason, and if they are accepting or willing I will pay them for a reading. Also, the free readings they offer here are great!!!!! So many gifted people willing to help! It’s really nice that they do this ❤️❤️ I don't understand the sexual assault connect entirely, nor did I see the post,  but it makes me feel sad with what I think it might mean. So big hugs friend. I have no insight into how to become one and i cant explain my universe connect well to others. But you've put your intentions out to the universe and my heart caught your post, so be kind to yourself. Take deep breaths. Never blame yourself. And ask for the universe to guide you. And know someone out there knows you're asking for guidance, so i am thinking of you.  

But also know, no amount of telepathy can prevent sexual assault. No matter the strength,  no one can fully predict the actions of others. It was not a lack of sense on your part, it was the unpredictableness of someone entirely out of tune with the universe and who chose to engage in actions to harm someone else, i think of it as an intentional harm to self, a person like that. How sad one must be.... That is the imbalance in our world, others harming others intentionally.  But I do feel your soul seeking answers and understanding.  I have been there maybe in similar ways, or maybe not. Just know, know, know, it wasn't your fault. Why is sexual assault “lol” to you…? Magic mushroomed will insight telepathy but you have to be outstandingly careful. Telepathy is like a mist and even the softest gentlest breeze will wash it away. It’s almost better to just not even think about it or try to get to it. I’ve experienced telepathy a few times and it’s not all that it’s cracked up to be. It’s fascinating for sure, but I really urge caution when seeking telepathy. Result of too much propaganda in this world. It can be done. I don't wish to reveal the secret here.

Trataka meditation with a specific object will work. You can figure it out if you work on it >telepathic "sexual assault"

What sad, insecure, oversensitive and paranoid excuse of a person would accuse someone else of something that happens only in his/her own mind and ruin their lives? Or maybe is looking for attention, like most teenagers. You have to be very aware of what are your own thoughts and own energy versus something that comes from the external world. It's very easy to develop if you have close family members or friends to experiment with. Next time you're alone with someone try to quiet your mind completely. You need to be in that quiet daydreaming state aka "Alpha brain state" without having the normal daydream or self-thoughts. It's not that hard especially if  you have experience meditating. It's a quiet yet alert state. Easy to pick up on things around especially small sounds. Then you might pick up on the thoughts and energies of others.

Eventually you'll start hearing small things like. "Hmm this food is delicious" or "OP looks very sleepy tired or something" Those small benign thoughts that humans have every now and then. That's their inner voice you're picking up on. You need to be able to focus on something without even looking at it if that makes sense. As another poster said Trataka meditation will help. Developing focus on an object and becoming one with it starts to engage that psychic muscle that you use to pick up on energy. Once you have a lock on their "vibe" you'll be able to tap in. Then once you develop that connection with humans you can start sending them your own thoughts thus "telepathy". You'll start realizing that some people around you will be more open psychically open. Even animals have their own simple thoughts too. Dogs and cats especially since they're around us often.

Take care in this journey though, because opening up those secret faculties can change your whole life up. Maybe you'll pick up on the thoughts of your significant other and youll find out they dont really love you or maybe you'll pick up on the thoughts of those people you thought were your friends at work but actually are being super fake behind your back. You start becoming a "human lie detector". And a lot of people do not have pretty internal worlds. Opening a psychic connection with toxic individuals is super draining.

Hope that helps. Limiting sugar and not using flouride toothpaste seems to help too. There are certain illicit substances that you smoke or pick off the poo of cows that help open you up too, but I do not condone any illegal activities. Living in nature helps as well. Anything that helps you understand silence and the absence and presence of energy is good.

&#x200B;

Ask and ye shall receive 🙏 Pondering the orb 🔮

Crystal balls aren’t the easiest thing for scrying. You have to get the set up just right and have a good quality ball. Nothing wrong with using them. I’m glad yours is working for you. 

Black mirrors and other reflective surfaces work just as well but are more user friendly. A clean tablet screen (tablet off) or the like work. 

My favorite thing to scry in is a bowl (or small black cauldron) with Earl Grey tea in it. I bought an obsidian scrying disk I haven't used it yet but would love to learn how I love my crystal ball. I think it makes people think I’m a freak but whatever. It has opened up my third eye lots of times and it is great for visualizing. Really anything can open up the third eye though, I could meditate my focus on a chair or something and could get the thing open, but something about crystal balls I love. I have a clear quartz crystal ball and a lot of times I visualize it as my perfectly clear mind, and then work with it whenever something pops into it. I’ve thought about getting another but it’s not like I shit money and I don’t need to get addicted to buying crystal balls and stones. Not sure if I can be of any help, but I am a psych major and I can try to explain this phenomenon. I also deal with sleep paralysis as a child and even now as an adult. I thought that it was due to spirits, but I learned that it’s simply a nightmare. You scare yourself so bad in your sleep that you wake yourself up while you’re still dreaming. Hence why you can’t move or speak. You are viewing your dream in “real life”. I believe it 100%, but I’m sure you can have other opinions. Hope this helps you out even a little! Also keep in mind the time zone you were born in How different is the time? No. They can't but you might can through regressive hypnosis. It's best to o trust hospital records and your birth certificate. I've heard they can for a fee, but I don't really trust it. What I did was compare where my rising sign was placed at certain times on the day I was born which I think narrowed it down to a 2 hour window. See which rising sign fits the best, and then compare it to those times you have on your birth certificate, etc This damn word is thrown around way too fucking much. People will believe anything to escape the boring reality She thought of your first,manifestxher :)) You are experiencing precognition.  It is not worth worrying about, although that is the natural reaction when it starts happening.  Like most things in life, it can be scary at first but you eventually get used to it.  Over time, you may even be able to manage it to the point where you can look forward consciously while you are awake.  If you are anything like me, not everything you see will come to pass as the future is not set in stone.  Speaking from experience, I have yet to find a way of warning people where you do not sound insane.  Keep a journal and always know that you are not the only one who has to deal with this. Same. For years and years. You aren’t alone One of the most cursed gifts to have. I usually just try to block them out. It’s a very isolating experience. And seeing and not being able to do anything about it is just the most helpless of feelings. Pure torture. I've been having a lot of dreams recently about a person. There all events that have never happened so im curious if they will happen some day. They are based on conversations that happened in the pass. Deep bonds are common in intimate relationships.  It is very common for a couple to share a psychic bond.  My ex wife and I could read each other's thoughts.  You are not crazy in the least. I could pick up that my exe wife cheated when she was 1200 miles away. And 2 days later when she got home I got my confirmation. I picked up on it just by the feel of her text messages. They just seemed different than her normal ones. I’ve had the same dreams with one ex on the same night. I had a dead relative come to me in a dream and say something and my aunt had the same exact dream, I only found out because my cousin told me about it. Another ex and I saw each other as children at the same moment. Not see see but in our minds. Hard to explain! When you have a deep connection and sensitivity, you can have some unique experiences. Tarot cards are used for answering your questions sooo.

Ideally you would sit down, relax and meditate a bit. Focus on intention of connecting to your spirit guides. Ask them to asnwer your questions through cards. Then ask question and lay out the cards. Spirit guides will answer through your cards.

Simple. Meditate on a question, develop a ritual for pulling cards (I simply shuffle mine and look at them, reversed, to see which ones I want)

Then interpret them, settle with whatever you choose.

I usually pull 3 but you can do whatever you want as long as you know what they're each for.

If I was you, I'd use them to figure out a focal point for contact, as in pull cards that tell you what energy you should use to reach them. Each of us experience our abilities slightly differently, even within a group of people who all share the same type of ability, how we experience it may differ person to person. There isn’t a right way, or a wrong way, just your way, and that’s perfectly okay. Similarly how we develop them can differ too. Some of us find it’s a natural thing, some of us have to work on them. Most of us agree though that a good start is having a sound meditation practise. And yes, there are many many different types of traditional and non-traditional ways to meditate too. The aim is to quieten the day-to-day mind chatter we all have, and then we can hear/see/feel whatever it is our intuition is telling us more clearly.   

I’ll link you to an article in the sub wiki about meditation. It’s a good starting point if you don’t know where to start, and it covers grounding, blocking and shielding too - also essential skills in developing (and managing) any form of psychic ability. See if this helps any but give it time, it takes patience and won’t happen overnight. If this form of meditation doesn’t work for you, don’t worry, just try an online search and find another form of meditation that appeals and does works for you, it doesn’t have to be cross-legged chanting or intense hours in uncomfortable poses, there’s a lot of different types of non-traditional meditation including guided, nature walks, forest bathing, gardening, artistic pursuits, playing musical instruments and the important thing is finding whatever you like, want to do and appeals to you. Enjoy! 

https://www.reddit.com/r/Psychic/wiki/index/faq?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf By chanting mantra,or intense meditation you can get such ability through dreams or visons..

Diet play a important role too..

My pov ✅ I have been having similar experiences since I was 8 years old.  You are definitely not alone and do not sound crazy at all to me. This is pretty typical of people in this community. A lot of children are born with these gifts and forget them or are shunned out of them by their parents but some don’t feel these impacts. I have astral projections and very vivid lucid dreams. Also have a lot of mood swings, I think because of the energy of the people around. But I don't know whether it's just my mind or I'm absorbing the energy of people! Lol, for being one of us, very normal. Tho, do be careful. Admitting this you will get an inbox full of people wanting you to tell them if their SO is cheating on them or if you can make their other half live them more, for free of course. They don’t wanna pay. 

Otherwise, welcome! As you know, these abilities can make your personal life difficult as you may not always want to say something to someone and the biggest downfall is that so many suffer all the time, to feel that constantly can bring you down. 

Learn to protect your energy. The brighter you shine, the more attractive you are to everything. Good and bad. I wish I could tell you how, but I’m still working on that. 

This path is not easy and it’s easy for others to take advantage of you. The trick is to not become bitter. 

I pray you find ways to keep your sanity. Most of us have prbly exp same. Many of us started at a very young age. I was lucky enough to have a grandmother and father who could teach me.

One of the most important things I learned as an empth, and it sounds like you’re an empath as well as a medium, is to protect myself. Each morning I have a prayer ritual into which I have incorporated my projection ritual. I encourage you to find/develop one for yourself. I would also encourage you to attend classes that will help you develop your skills and manage them. you are gifted I also experience these things, from a young age but esp increasing recently. You are gifted. Hi. I just joined because I’m struggling with a very specific piece of information I’ve intuited and was looking for advice too. You aren’t alone. I’ve had abilities since I was a teenager and I’m in my 40’s now. It’s been lonely a lot and I’ve felt crazy a lot, been told I was psychotic and was medicated. I also have abused substances a lot to deal with it. I was lucky to find others in various places with similar abilities and it’s so nice to meet others! I feel like my ability has lessened as I get older and you just learn to live with it. Feel free to chat me yes i experience all of this too omg [removed] I wish I was born like this I also see auras. I see heat signatures from things as well, weird stuff like the heat trail left by tires from cars driving. I have exceptional hearing. I’ve been tested a few times, and each time they explain that I have the best hearing they have seen in anyone. I can hear vibrations, and feel vibrations. I am extremely sensitive to vibrations coming off of electronic devices as well as fluorescent lights, sometimes I have to leave the room it can become too overwhelming. Not sure if vibration is the right word but that’s how I describe it. I can also hear bats echolocation. I ask people if they can hear it and they look at me like I’m insane. I can locate where something is immediately just by listening in on it. Like a bird chirping in a tree amongst a forest I can pinpoint where it’s at right away. Animals aren’t really afraid of me, unless I am with other people. Have had dreams that have come true. And can feel what other people are thinking. I say feel because I can’t hear their thoughts but I can almost feel them, it’s hard to explain. Everyone in my opinion has gifts and abilities, it just depends on how open they are to them. :) it’s cool that people are sharing more about their gifts. Love hearing about it. And how old are u now It's definitely not assault.

If they all of a sudden say in your head, "Cut it out!", or something similar, you really should direct your thoughts elsewhere.  Fantasize about someone else.  Feelings have to be mutual. I don’t see anything wrong with fantasizing about someone. We are human at the end of the day and do fantasize about people, life, the future, etc. I think that once this person made it clear they were receiving this energy and it made them uncomfortable and you were to continue regardless of this confrontation- then it becomes an issue. Otherwise then i don’t see a problem. It’s human to fantasize. I would obviously apologize to this person and tell them your sorry for making them uncomfortable, it was not your intent to make them uncomfortable, you didn’t know and that you don’t do it anymore. I would moving forward ask this person in general what there telepathic boundaries are. If they are sensitive to thought/energy in general then maybe ask if there are boundaries and things you can do to take the pressure off if it’s overwhelming for them. Also be prepared moving forward if this person acts or perceives you differently. If you are here to learn, then we must allow you to make mistakes. 

Did your energy get in their space? Maybe. There are many ways for someone to pick up on your fantasies about them. Telepathy is only one way. Clairvoyance and clairsentience can do it. And it gets more complicated because different people will interpret what you are doing differently. 

Learning to be aware of your own energy is the first step. Then you can learn to control it. Everybody has telepathic abilities, but only a few can actually understand them and differentiate them for any practical use. 

Everyone you've ever thought about is aware in some level of it. 

Poor grandma. Simple just don’t think 👍 I mean, you should be able to be 100% safe in your own head. If someone else is psychic they can learn to block you out IMO Yo thoughts ain’t my thoughts, next caller Many things are situationally dependent. I wouldn't worry about karma and labels right now, and would sincerely apologize and humbly respect this person's understandable decisions or uneasiness with you, going forwards. If they feel that way, that's valid and you should accept that. That doesn't change wether you knew or did not at the moment. Not assault.

People are allowed to have private thoughts.
If they Are telepathic, they should be able to shield themselves from others thoughts, and let others have their privacy. Well they should be able to block any unwanted telepathic communications. I believe you should be able to fantasize about what you want. On one hand, no one belongs in your head. 

On a different hand though, thoughts are rarely just thoughts, and can often translate into words or actions (think glancing at someone too often), and someone who doesn’t even want you thinking about the two of you together very likely doesn’t want those accompanying words or actions. Be careful, be aware, be mindful <3 It’s your head, your thoughts our yours if they don’t like it they don’t have to be there

They shouldn’t be ease dropping there in first place Tell them to bugger off and stay out of your head. They are unjustly intruding in your personal space, violating boundaries in a very unsettling way. It's your mind ffs, they can't police your thoughts. My pos psycho neighbors try to do this all the time and they are the biggest predatory scumbags I know 
Great question. 

It probably doesn't develop karma unless you refuse to clean up your intentions and continue to emit possessive sexual energy at her regardless of the fact you know she doesn't want it. 

Intentions scream loud and clear on the frequency front, as you know, even if they aren't physically acted out. 

Begin to respect her as a soul and commit to treating her as such. Commit to not thinking about her body and see the internal being instead. This will cancel out any karma.

And yes, it is a bit like psychic sexual assault when a woman can feel your energy and it's not reciprocal. No it’s not. Period. When I was young and an uncontrolled psychic mess, I actually had a psychic, well, psychically block me. I needed that lesson. I also had some weird shit happen with a man I had a very sexual relationship with like 5 years ago. It could be psychic attack, but you’ve gotta listen to your intuition. Very low chance it's so impactful it makes them uncomfortable. It'll just be a whisper and a vague feeling to them. If they're so tuned in that they're deeply affected by other's thoughts and emotions, then they're bound to have so many other things flowing through them that sexual fantasies will be relatively easy to accept and probably inconsequential. That is, unless they like you back, or have some other personal investment in your sexuality. That's when its more likely to potentially become messy, good or bad. Bro whatever goes on in your head is your business no one else’s don’t worry about it if someone that’s telepathic is being nosy they’re the ones in the wrong imo. Your thoughts can’t hurt anyone except you if you let them. I was so intensely thinking about sex that telepathic police knocked at my telepathic door a couple of times, in the end the telepathic judge gave me a restricting order to stay at least at 500 telepathic meters from that woman. Not assault - also telepathy takes two - one to send and one to receive. I send back whatever is not for my highest good (which is my responsibility as the receiver). Especially understanding that others have little understanding or control sometimes of what they are sending. Lol Repression leads to an unhealthy explosion later. That being said they may think that it is them who is having the thoughts so become confused. If they find out it was you, I would imagine it would be flattering at best and kind of funny at worst I mean, it’s really based on the situation and intent. Think of it like a criminal trial - intent and what you do about it matter a lot. Someone who apologizes and goes to the cops after commuting a crime gets off easier than someone who doesn’t. Coming clean to yourself and recognize in f you did something wrong, and commuting to avoiding that behavior in the future will definitely do you good just let it be i’d say… not healthy to control or suppress those thoughts😊 They wouldn't allow it if they didn't like you well, you're in their world so it means they're accepting sex, its just a sign and simply says the person wants sex. you got a heads up, whats wrong? The word you are looking for is ‘fantasy’? What utter nonsense. Assault? No I don't think it is. During my learning phase, without me meaning to, I'd pick up thoughts from others that were energeticly connected to me. (Someone was worried about me, mad with me, sending good vibes, whatever). 

With that, I once I saw an old friend who used to have a crush on me meany years ago and I picked up INTENSE sexual energy immediately. Like they were fantasizing about me in a sexual way at that very moment. 

I hated it. It made me feel disgusting, but I excused myself to the bathroom and purposefully cleared my energy feild and shielded myself and it went away. Outside of their thoughts, the person was respectful and not at all preditory.

People are going to think about whatever they're going to think about. It's my job to manage my own energetic feild and sheild effectively. So long as no physical actions are taken or said, it's fine. their fault for being telepathic :/ I have actually really been wondering the same the past days. I think if you realized it made them uncomfortable, you should stop and apologize :) Have you also been sharing stuff on social media or with people who you think are friends? I would just try to empathize with them. So in this particular case I would honestly entertain what it’s like to be on the receiving end of sexual assault. If it’s hard to do with just my imagination then maybe I’ll watch a show or movie where this is happening to someone. If I can’t handle full on sexual assault then I’ll start smaller like a scene where someone is being creeped out in a sexual way. If I start feeling those negative emotions then it’s working. Then all I need to do is listen to and process the emotions.

After that I’ll have a better understanding of that entire dynamic and it will be clear whether I actually did anything wrong or not. No it's not. Loooool are you serious bro? Like, wtf. If we can’t even own the fuckin thoughts in our heads what can we call ours in this world? If anything it’s an invasion of privacy for them to be reading your thoughts without permission. lol!!!! equivalent!!??? men think about sex every, what, 5 or 30 seconds... and women know they if they will have sex with you or not,  within 5 seconds of meeting you... 

Energies are energies, they exist intentionally or unintentionally and THEY should also be learning to protect themselves from whatever is out that THEY think need protection from now that THEY are becoming more sensitive to energies or dimensions. Your thoughts are a natural process and THEY will get the karma they deserve for trying to influence your freewill for their ignorance. like the old saying says.. .with great power yadda yadda yadda. Next time tickle their ass with your mind... see if they feel it. Bro wtf is this sub I don’t get what feels like movie reels at all, but I definitely have images pop in my minds eye. And  they always come in between that stage of wakefulness and sleeping. Once I had this cute little boy stomping around in mud puddles in the rain, wearing yellow rain boots and a yellow raincoat with the cute little yellow hat. Actually that one was like a video. I wasn’t thinking of anything in that moment, was just falling back asleep and there he was. Day before yesterday I had a young man wearing a clean white t-shirt with blue lettering on it. But when I try to focus and make out more details I wind up losing the images altogether. It’s my favorite thing ever to have those because wherever they are coming from they never coincide with where my thinking is at the time. But it’s difficult for me to put myself in that headspace and I have no clue how to capture them and hold on. All I know is that the harder I try to the quicker they go poof and disappear. When you see images when waking up, they are called Hypnopompic Hallucianations.

When you falling asleep, they are Hypnogogic Hallucinations. 

They are images/dreamlets of a starting dream.

You can use them to enter a lucid dream. You can find your method, but what worked for me was: I found a spot in the image and said deliberately I... AM... THERE. That literally wooshed me into the image and when I was standing in the middle of it, my environment changed into 3D and I was inside of it, surrounded on all sides.

Or, you can try to stand up or roll out of your body by mentally giving yourself a command to roll to the side, as when you are turning to get up from the bed. When you just think it, your dream body will move and you will find yourself in a dream/astral, which will most likely be in the form of your bedroom.

If you miss your chance this time, next time be ready : ) Or just enjoy the images/movies. They can be startlingly beautiful and interesting. I'm clairvoyant. Spirit/my Team bring me messages by way of showing me pictures, symbols and a quick film like action. 

They bring messages in a way I will most understand.
Example; 
I was at work sitting at my desk. Suddenly in my minds I  was shown many, many people standing in a long line. The line of people faced left, walking to the left. Their shoulders drooped down & they were shuffling very slowly in the line. 
They all appeared sad or in despair.
I felt a feeling of loss & my heart felt heavy. Then a saw (what felt like myself) a person joining the line not at the end of the line, but in the middle. 

In 2008 alot of people were losing their jobs due to the failing economy. 
I felt that what I'd been shown was a message that I would be joining the hundreds that were suffering the effects of the economy. 
     Six days later I was laid off and found myself standing in line at the unemployment offices.

13 months later I received a call from a company offering a job interview. As I was telling my husband about the interview my Team was showing me a symbol. A small circle & five arrows around the circle pointing towards it and the arrows were moving back & forth towards the circle. 

I took that message to mean that this was the company that was going to hire me. They did.

Anyway that is how Spirit communicates with me.
I'm also clairaudient & clairsentient, but my strength is clairaudient. 
I feel you are definitely clairvoyant. 🙏💜 I’ve experienced this twice! I was playing cards with my husband and dad til like 2 or 3 in the morning and once I laid down to go to sleep and closed my eyes I saw stars in a dark purple sky. I thought that was weird so I opened my eyes again and closed them and it happened again. Usually when I close my eyes it’s just pitch black but that night I was seeing stars like perfectly which freaked me out because I’m nearsighted YES! It's what gets me interested in the topic. I don't know why I get that or what causes it. I wonder if there is a way to develop that into something. I love your user name!!  I’ve had this experience twice now, since my spiritual awakening. The first time it was like someone was holding a book open, close to my eyes, so that I could read a specific paragraph.  The book was moving a bit, just like it would if someone was holding it.  There was a message of four sentences that seemed important so I wrote them down in my journal once I came to. 

The other time, it felt sort of like a movie, but it was also like I was there.  It lasted only about 5 seconds. I was a lady in long skirts, standing in a dusty street like in the old American west (cowboy days). There was a smartly dressed man in an old black suit facing me, looking around frantically. There was chaos in the street, people running around and something big and bad was happening, we were trying to figure out what to do. Then it was over! 

I’ve heard this called the hypnagogic phase, but I’m not sure. I think that’s what it’s called. I’ve heard that all kinds of things can happen during the hypnagogic phase (between waking and sleeping), like messages from guides, past life memories, and visits from guides or loved ones on the other side. 

So maybe a google search on hypnagogic phase will help you find something! Good luck! Yes this has happened me twice now and I had no idea what was going on. When i closed my eyes I seen a ‘movie’ and as you described it’s very quick but I noticed the images seem to have a grain, almost like an old movie. Would definitely like to know more about what this is When I close my eyes, I see shapes and some really muted colors (yellow, green, blue…). It’s almost like a less colorful version of a kaleidoscope. Yes. Your gut will know. Literally! Ask yourself questions you know the answer to, and really think about how it makes you feel. 

For example, say “I’m a purple gorilla” and see how that makes you feel. Then follow it up with saying “I’m ZorbhaTheBuddha” and see if that feels different! 

Continue experimenting with statements and how your body reacts to them. Use that to hone your intuition! This is one of the most challenging things to do because the imagination can be incredibly detailed and believable.

How to discern the difference? Well, first off do some shadow-work so you can deal with your negative impulses. Also, meditation is said to work by allowing you to become familiar with what the natural texture of your thoughts feels like so you can differentiate it from things coming to you from the other realms.

EDIT: But I've been doing this for more than 10 years and I still have difficulty discerning between imagination and intuition. So don't chide yourself if you're having difficulty... most of us do. You’ll be able to tell with practice. When you know, you know Fake intuition is usually caused by anxieties and fears. Real intuition does not come with anxiety and fear. You will know in your gut that something is not right but it won't cause a panic attack. Your real intuition will tell you when the time is right. If it doesn't tell you, you weren't meant to know. The truth comes as you need it, simply remain open and observe. My intuition comes without thought. It's a strong or intense knowing deep within.

There's no questioning, it just is and without having to have thought about it.

If you have to question " it", it's not intuition.
If you just know without a doubt, it intuition. They're obviously not spirit guides but trickster spirits from the lower astral. I'd do a banishing ritual and white light protection technique daily until they feck off. Somebody who had your best interests at heart wouldn't use and manipulate you in this way and they certainly wouldn't lie. They shouldn’t be distracting you while you’re driving… so it’s possible it’s simply a lonely spirit. I would practice shielding and state affirmations that you only allow benevolent entities who hold unconditional love for you, and only want the best for you to interact with you. 

Regardless, I would put your foot down and not tolerate being lied to. Definitely smells of them seeing you as ignorant and vulnerable and using you as a toy. Be confident, tell them no - out loud if you have to, practice shielding and affirmations Don't tolerate any behavior in an entity relationship that you wouldn't in a human one. They can hurt you without meaning it, they can use you on purpose, and they can also be great. You gotta give them the boot if they are making you unhappy or making your life worse. I agree with the majority; these are not your spirit guides. 

Along with clear intentions consider smudging your space/whole house with sage. Move the smoke into each corner, every doorway and window while repeating aloud:
 
 "I cleanse this space of all negative energy and spirits wishing to do harm. Only positive energy of Divine light & love may enter this space. You are not welcome. I demand you leave this space now, never return, go into the light."
🤍💜🙏 It's also hard to get accurate pendulum readings when you're holding the tool as your body will always have micro movements. It's best used on a stand. Oh boy, ok- lock it out. Anything that isn’t there for hugest best, is lying, is manipulative, it makes you feel anxious or creeped out is not good.

Especially if they can move your body. I had this experience ( making sigils,  finger pointing, and almost using my computer keyboard like a ouijiboard) this was a lower vibrational being. I had to do a good deal of work to banish it, but the important thing is your don’t let it in- it’s a form of consent.

They can get in through grey area but if you say you’re a sovereign being and you do not consent to messages from any being/entity/groups/ or programs ( yes, all of those) which are trying to communicate through you but are not in service to others, or highest best timeline for you- that will help weed them out.

Don’t talk to the low vibrational energies, it can feel exciting but it won’t end well and it will take you in circles. whenever i use anything, i always make a point to ask for a response from 'energies of the highest good.'

i feel confident that saying something like that when asking anything keeps lower level energies from posing as a guide, or whatever Yes, thay can I'm sorry for what you're going through. I can feel you anguish and pain.

It's important to understand that even the most gifted & greatest psychics are typically 85 - 95% correct. It would be extremely rare almost impossible to be 100% each & everytime.

When we receive information from Spirit often times it comes through as a symbol, picture maybe a word. We have to interpret what it means then pass that along to you.

Example; I very gifted medium told me, during a reading, that my grandmother had come forward. She was showing him a painters pallet. He asked if I was an artist? I am not. He said she's telling you are. I repeated no. He asked do you want to be an artist, maybe water colors? Again I said no. He said she very insistent that you are a painter, but maybe it something you'll become interested in doing one day. 

I left feeling confused, kinda cheated in a way bc I felt someone had come through, but I wasn't for me. 

The next morning I headed over to a house we were remodeling. I walked into the empty house grabbed a paint brush, rag and paint to continue the painting we had been doing. In that very moment it hit me.. I'm PAINTING! I sat on the floor sobbing & laughing at the same time, called out loud to my grandmother.

So my point is the symbol he received he interpreted to mean I was an artist. Was the message he was given wrong? No. Was his interpretation wrong? Yes.

I'm not at all sure that I've explained this well, but I hope it helpful.

Something else to consider. You mentioned seeking out many readings. Do you think perhaps subconsciously you have a specific answer you're wanting to hear and without realizing it you keep seeking more answers,, but feel you not heard the right one yet??

I wish you well sweet soul. 💜🤍🙏 I find that bouncing from psychics even though I realize it's a common term because so many of us get bunched together can be very dangerous and disheartening for some people because they are looking for a specific answer which can lead them to anyone because they are desperate for closure and peace and that can lead for a psychic hunt I usually use the term spiritual advisor because my gifts encompass other things.  If they tell you they gave you a date with certainty it's very rare because you are working with " freewill" and other peoples choices that can and will change your outcome ... Some will tell you what you want to hear because they can sense your desperate need for closure and others will string you along over time. The first thing I tell a client is I am here to tell you what I see and what you ask but sweetheart I can not tell you what you simply want to hear because then I'm not helping you at all. Going to bunches of them is going to leave you confused, frustrated, and leave you feeling lost sweetheart ✨ if you are going to continue on your treck give yourself some time in between and ask yourself what is it that I really want to know and why. If the situation surrounds a great deal of grief Grief is a whole monster in itself. When you do this work you have to be able to treat the whole person not throw answers at them and go This is an old pet peeve of mine, and so I’ll share this with you for educational purposes. DO NOT SEE MULTIPLE READERS FOR THE SAME ISSUE. Things are very fluid and the more you poke the bear the more likely he will bite you. 

A thing to remember is a lot of factors go into what answer you get - your energy, that of the reader, and that of your mindset. So I’m very emotional situations you’ll probably get skewed predictions. They may not be impossible to be true, but will probably be less likely than if you were in a neutral mindset and energy. 

Second, the actions of the past influence the future. By getting a reading you change your mindset, which influences the next reading and so on, until the waters are so muddy the if k you’re getting is 100% useless It could be that the psychics you went to weren't actually psychic.

It happens. Not every psychic reader has any psychic ability... it's why cold-reading is so prevalent (and if they're cold-reading you, they're not psychic, they're just trying to scam you.) well you can ask for the information and meditate on the question.  We all have all these gifts its just about when then come on for each person is different so you do have these gifts but you need to work them like a muscle. You can also ask for the information in a dream or by a asking for a specific sign..take control of your reality and ho you get messages from spirit. Also psychics are not all pulling information from the same timeline is what is happening with you, what you need is the information from your highest time line / from the highest good for you as a being at this time. always set those intentions when asking for information or energy healing. The future is mutable. It changes everytime you look into it so yes, you're gonna get different answers each time.

You're looking for closure, and peace, and you're not gonna find that from a psychic, or anyone or anything. That's gonna from you. If it's meant to be then it's going to happen, regardless. Let it go. You’re the best psychic for yourself Stay positive & I suggest you listen to 528hz or 639 hz frequency and think through of the WHY you will gradually start to get some answer.. 

Just like a math problem, when we don't know how to solve we keep reading the questions repeatedly until we find a way to the answer ... Assuming she isn’t a fraud telling you what you want to hear (which is my default assumption about professional psychics until proven otherwise) there is a little issue with this kind of prediction. 

Predicting the future can lead to self fulfilling prophecy or even manifestation of the predicted future with sufficient focus and intent. It can also collapse the futures away from the desired or predicted future by either change your behavior or even instilling what is called “lust of results.”  This is where you focus so hard on the desire of a thing that you become subconsciously attached to the desire. This makes manifesting the desired outcome difficult. You just can’t let the desire go long enough for it to manifest. 

So can it be predicted? Probably. Though the farther away in time the harder to predict it becomes. 

Can obsessing over the prediction cause them to crash and burn? Yep. 

So basically, don’t worry about it. Trust your future fiancé to nail the timing and don’t worry about it so much. 

Did I mention don’t worry? That’s a loaded and tricky question. A reading is only ever advice from your reader based on their interpretation of the energies, at the moment in time of the reading, from their unique viewpoint, filtered through your readers knowledge, bias and experience. Any ‘predictions’ therefore are at best only probabilities based on those energies. And those energies change, they changed the day after the reading, they changed the week after, they changed since you wrote this post, and since I replied to it. The future is malleable. You have free will - and so does everyone else whose actions even slightly interfere with your own. 

That’s why no reader should ever give you any guarantees or assurances - we just can’t because it doesn’t work like that - and you should take any predictions with a mountain of salt. 

And also keep in mind that even the best of the best readers can’t boast 100% accuracy 100% of the time. We can be wrong. Maybe that was genuinely what we saw at the time of the reading, maybe we misinterpreted something, doesn’t mean we’re fakes, just that we’re human.

That said, some readers can make accurate future predictions. I don’t like dealing in predictions but I’ve had some pretty wild ones become scarily accurate. That happens too. I’ve also had some really accurate ones but the timing has been off, some by weeks, some by as much as a year. And everyone has had predictions that couldn’t have been further from what actually came to pass. 

So can a psychic predict something like a proposal? Yes, it’s possible, but I wouldn’t go and buy a wedding dress based purely on a psychic reading. Better for you to sit down and have a serious talk with your boyfriend about where you want and feel your relationship is going. > Can psychics predict events like this? 

Not with pinpoint accuracy.

It's likely that you were told what the psychic believed you wanted to hear. I've heard songs in my dreams I didn't know and found them after waking up and searching. Specific references to the lyrics in the dream. I'll hear the melody and lyrics and everything... then I'll wake up and google it, and it's an actual song. Freaked out the first time it happened. Now it's kind of nice. 

Other times I'll get a familiar song stuck in my head, certain lyrics, as an answer to something. Yes this is natural,

Example you meet X,and you become very happy during those days and you listen to ABCD .. and one day X left you .. 

So when you play ABCD you will start to remember X as this song has been linked towards your emotions at that time.. 

So that music act as link between your Emotion & Thoughts..

Hope that helps ✅ Absolutely [deleted] It’s real ! It’s amazing how they can communicate with you 🥰 I have been talking to them in my dreams. One has visited me twice. He told me to talk to a coworker because we have the same dream often. Turns out he was right. Then he came to me a few nights later and told me to stop sabotaging myself because the universe keeps giving me gifts and I keep doubting I deserve them. It was super uplifting and helpful. How did you get confirmation? I feel like mine is trying but I'm still very very skeptical and subtle stuff is not my strong suit. Did you ask for a specific sign or information or something? Hi, can I chat with you about something personal? I spoke with my guides and several were not human. They showed up. I asked for it. I didn’t agree with what info they gave me though, I’ve considered myself a work in progress. I think I communicated with mine through dousing rods. I just call on them & ask for permission to ask questions. So far I’ve communicated with one who’s genderless, no name & they confirmed they’ve been with me through many lifetimes. The other one also told me they’re genderless & has a name that starts with the letter K if I’m not mistaken. I always ask the rods to point directly to where they’re standing too because I’m never able to see them. I asked & they’re not human or have ever reincarnated as a human for that matter. Are you ok though? You are probably protected by spritual beings/God

Also you might have innate psychic abilities which allows you to have glimpse of the future..

Develop & Treasure it ✅

Use it to your advantage ✅

Don't talk about these to people who are not aligned as it could affect the development of the ability..

My Pov ✅ Become spritual,try to be a vegan lets say for a month vegan then next month eat what u want etc..
Vegan diet is best for our etheric body & our aura..

I suggest u listen to binaural beats such as 528hz ,639hz

Or chant mantra as per your deity with incense  one round  beads per day 

Or
You could wear gem stone as per Astrology chart & it will nurture & grow the abilities.. It’s totally reasonable to drop it until you can get help from a therapist. You have to have your mental faculties in control before diving into the occult. Then when you are ready, do it with a mentor that understands how it affects mental health and is kind. Talk to a doctor about your difficulties. There are treatments available.

If you're at a crisis point, your first directive should be getting yourself on the road to mental wellness. I went through twenty four years of therapy and take meds to manage my mental illness.  In addition to that, I am psychic and the meds do not affect my abilities in the least.  My meds successfully treat my mental issues and make it much easier to deal with being psychic.  The first few years were rough.  My best advice is get medical help, make friends with other psychic people, and have some kind of spiritual belief structure to get you through the hard times.  Once you are mentally sound, it gets much easier dealing with being psychic. So a little background info, I'm living on a native reservation on top of a burial ground with my late relatives buried ways behind the house some ways past our pasture. There's been a gruesome murder of two of our relatives that happened in the early 2000s not too far from the house in the woods a horrible tragedy I didn't find out up until a few months ago, theres MANY child spirits here like atleast 6 so that energy is a lot. There has been a suicide here in the house too which was the cause of my PTSD so that's another reason I'm feeling all the way consumed by death energy and my disorder by staying in this location. I'm thinking of relocating off the reserve hopefully in order to escape for the sake of my sanity 

I hear the ghosts clearly right before I go to bed, and they sound like normal people, not demonic. 
I'm sure I'm not going through psychosis because the mumbles are only when sit in a quiet room after I adjusted to it like after awhile then I hear them very Slightly yet incoherently. Though, Through the white noise of my fan their voices are more present thats how i was able to talk to my deceased sibling (i got confirmation it was). So I ruled psychosis out but ofcourse I need to talk to someone about what I'm experiencing.

I'm taking all of your suggestions here, screenshotting! im very grateful for them! and I was actually planning on therapy for awhile until it all came crashing down and things felt hopeless, thanks to your support I'm going to focus on my mental health and get help. Thank you for your suggestions! Ah you dove in too fast man.

This path is the most difficult thing in the world to do 

Just know, you can drop it at any time

If you want, you can learn to build a mental shield, keep out external thoughts, that way you know what is you and what isn't 

From there, mindfulness and therapy would help.

But you have some gifts that you can master.

For me, it was active visualization and breathing meditation that helped me. Hi there, my deepest sympathies to you on your path. I have had similar intrusive psychic phenomena and I completely agree - I do not want it at all. Here's what I have found has helped:

\- Study Dzogchen Buddhism. Particularly, Dudjom Linda's lineage. The deal with him is he is expressly acute about so many basic rules of consciousness that FINALLY made sense and grounded me and allowed me to take charge of everything I was thinking/feeling/living. 

\- You must detox your body. Heavy toxic metals when in the brain or nervous system will actually get heated up when you have a lot of nerve impulses (say during times of stress or emotion). When these metals get heated up they oxidize and corrode all the nervous tissue next to them (which causes terrible mood swings and other symptoms). Look up the **Medical Medium book by Anthony Williams** \- he also has an amazing Facebook page. If you can do his heavy metal detox routine I guarantee you you will feel incredible relief within 2 weeks (if you do it everyday). 

Prayers, deep peace, and best of luck to you gentle friend. It sounds like you have spirit attachments (also called entity attachments). They feast off your low level energy (fear, lust, greed, hatred, sadness, etc). They spend a great amount of time trying to upset you simply to feed off your reaction (fear, sadness, etc) and the low level energy that this radiates. 

You sound like you are an hsp (highly sensitive person) or empath. These spirits are very attracted to this personality type as you are very sensitive to spiritual energy as well as to most things in life. Your strong energy attracts them. 

In the short term, you can learn to rid yourself of low level energy. This will frustrate them and sometimes they will just look around for another sensitive type to attach to and disappear from your life. 

Give up alcohol and drugs and porn if you use any of these. Learn to meditate. Thich Nhat Hanh wrote a very good book called The Miracle of Mindfulness: An Introduction to the Practice of Meditation. Learn to meditate while walking. You need to learn to keep your mind in the present (the here and now) to avoid dwelling on the past, and worrying about your future. These spirits feed off the stress and worry from these thoughts. 

Also, you need to stop fearing these attached spirits, which again, only gives them the energy they crave. Understand that they are themselves lost and confused. They died and instead of going into the Light, they were somehow misdirected. Often these types committed suicide or died suddenly and violently, and so in this state of dark grief and confusion they ended up getting lost.

In some ways they are like junkies. They hate what they're doing, hurting innocent people, but they need a fix (low level energy) and they cannot help themselves. They can do a lot of damage to peoples' lives and relationships in much the same way that junkies do. 

You might want to read a book by William J. Baldwin called Healing Lost Souls: Releasing Unwanted Spirits From Your Energy Body. He is dead now, but helped thousands of people like yourself to detach from these spirits. He helped these spirits to finally find their way into the Light and most of them were very eager to go. 

You can always seek out a Shaman who specializes in (has a lot of experience with) removing dark entity attachments. But being a highly sensitive person, you will continue to be at risk of attracting new ones unless you learn how to live a more mindful and conscious life (free from radiating low level energy).

I hope this helps. 💚 I'm sorry for your suffering. It sounds really difficult. Especially at 18 years old. I don't have any real experience with what you're dealing with, however i have recently been doing "the gateway experience" its a type of enhanced meditation for lack of a better word. It was developed by this guy Robert Monroe who started experiencing out of body experiences. He would travel to the astral realm. And encounter all sorts of entities like the ones you are describing. Also positive entities. He kept exploring anyways and in the process gained some wisdom and tools to deal with them among other benefits.
You sound like a powerful person that could use guidance on how to deal with with that power. I really think it could help you. It teaches you how to harness and direct your bodys energy.

It's really changed my life in unbelievable ways and I've just barely scratched the surface but I can do some minor telekinesis since I've been doing it.

The gateway experience is so powerful in fact that the CIA classified it for like 30 years. 

Maybe you already know about it but if not at least look into it. If nothing else I'm sending peace and love your way. Commenting to respond later I'm so sorry you're struggling. It's overwhelming. I had something in the shower with me this morning and it completely threw me off. I'm used to odd things happening now, but it was still unnerving. That's a very private place for most people, to relax and be alone. You feel slightly invaded. 

You have to have this weird balance of acceptance, like you can't fight it or make it go away completely, but you can set boundaries and control the way you approach it. I used to get freaked out with every sign, every noise, every voice. The truth is, just like everyday sounds, some of them just don't matter. It's like the hum of a washing machine, or the tick of a clock. You'll pick up energy that's around you, and it's just kinda background noise sometimes. 

Now, it's honestly kind of comforting knowing someone is always listening, I don't like being alone, so there's always someone to talk to. But I didn't always feel this way. At first it kinda feels awful. 

For direct spirit/entity communication, I've found that they have a hard time comprehending time, and how it works here. My guide gets it and respects it, and won't overload me with too much at once. Literally everything else I interact with is so excited, so desperate to talk, that they will drive you insane trying to communicate. There's no easy off button. I don't have as strong a connection with other spirits (or whatever you'd like to call them) so I'm able to force the volume down, and sleep, or eat, or work, without constant interruptions. A few get through and I ignore them unless they are important.

I think the other side means well, but they just don't get how exhausting it is to be human, never mind a highly tuned-in one. We're processing so much information, all the time, from 5 different sources, and filtering it to the right people. Putting it in words they'll understand, phrasing it perfectly so they get the message but we don't freak them out. 

It's a heck of a gift. It's a difficult process to get used to. But I promise you, it will get easier. Back off for a bit, take care of yourself, and trust your gut. You know more than you think, and the world needs more sensitives. You got this. 💙 You have leaks and holes in your vessel/your body and mind. 

You need to get to full health to stop it. 

In this society the whole objective is to destroy your health. Which it seems has happened.

If you read the book We Want to Live by Aajonus Vonderplanitz you can regain your health and start to rebuild yourself.

It's the only way to stop them from doing what they do.

The djinn don't care for anything but the fact they are able to get in and won't stop until they can't get at you anymore. Sometimes it can be hard to tell the difference between actual spiritual interactions and our mind creating scenarios. For example, my best friend and my mother are both bipolar and when they aren’t medicated they see angels and demons. But on their medication they don’t. So they aren’t actually seeing angels and demons, they are just hallucinations. Whereas I am a medium and I do speak to the dead. Do you see the difference?

What I am getting at is that maybe these are not spirits. Maybe you are experiencing a mental health crisis and your mind is inventing these things. My niece is schizophrenic and often hears things around her exactly like what you described but when she takes her medication she doesn’t hear anything. 

It’s hard because sometimes people are under legitimate spiritual attack and sometimes it is mental illness. But you can’t diagnose yourself either way, you need a professional to help you figure out what’s happening. 

I think a psychological evaluation can help you. Can you get treated by a doctor? When things with entities get too wild, you can pray to God. I don't know if you're part of a religion,  but if you pray to a positive entity, It will help you. You could also pray to Raphael, Michael, Maria or Jesus  whatever works best for you You’re free to leave, nothing is stopping you from ending this, I promise. You have to be confident, otherwise you’ll still be victim and seen as weak You pretty much jumped a few needed steps. Tbh your I think you're compromised, your best bet is therapy just don't take their medicine. Gain back control of your mind and if you want spiritual enlightenment stick to meditation for this life. Haaaaave you met my friend pot? I know it's not for everyone but perhaps a nice indica? Cuz it will put you *indacouch* Set up clear boundaries. It helps to write out a specific list of who can and cannot channel through. Once it’s written out, read it aloud. You may want to read it aloud each time before you meditate/channel for a while. You can and should have complete control over who you allow to channel through. I had pre cognitive ability at 8 years old and then it went dormant for a number of years.  When I turned 22 it came roaring back along with other gifts.  It has been getting stronger since then and I am in my late 30's now.  In my case, trauma brings it out.  I was working as a 911 operator when I was 22 and all the traumas associated with that job intensified my abilities.  The interesting thing is that I have a low stress job now and my abilities keep getting stronger.  When I worked in emergency services, I used my abilities to save more than a few lives. Usually the mind starts to reach its final growth around 21 years, so let's say that after a few years of stabilization, around 25, you can start to get more and more awareness and control I guess I'm a late bloomer (35+). My change came when I was face to face with something I thought was impossible. I do recall winning cakes (many) at church picnics (roulette), repetitive dreams and felt different that everyone else in my pre-teens. 

However, from my teens on, I seemed to find trouble more than avoid it and I was closed off to the possibility so even when something would occur, I would just explain it away. I'll say I had a lot of growing to do before being made aware of my abilities. Same experience, not much if anything happened before 18-19 or so. After that, boom Not sure. I been seeing and doing everything when I was 5 years old my mom and family would tell me things. On what I did and tell them. But I still have answers I’m 25 years old. 😅 I saw stuff as a kid, it sort of stopped with random stuff every several years but in my 50s it all came back and then some.. They usually get their affairs in order before the funeral and if all goes well, they cross over fully to the other side after the funeral.  It has been my experience that most deceased folks attend their own funeral which is why it is important for people to go.  As people who can hear folks on or near the other side, it puts us in a position where we can render aid to them by bridging the gap.  That being said, it is a two way street and folks on the other side of things can be full of helpful information regarding events over here.  Welcome to the club and feel free to dm me if you have any questions. Something similar happened to me. My grandpa died during COVID and didn’t want a funeral. A few of us went to say goodbye to his body before he was cremated. I told him goodbye and heard him say his goodbyes back, clear as day. I’ve tried to say hi to him afterwards and haven’t heard another reply. Sometimes the timeframe can get muddled.  It is important to be patient and not rush things.  Love usually strikes when you least expect it.  These sorts of predictions are far from an exact science.  Think of it as a heads up to be alert and receptive to a coming positive change.  We attract that which we project. I’m not an expert, but I’m just sharing my experience. I also had readings done that said June, June 22 to be exact. And that time has came and gone, and I’m still single. But…. A lot of other things have changed!!!! I figured out how to love myself, walk away from what I thought I wanted. So I’m thinking possibly, maybe the love I was searching for in my soul, was for myself . And maybe that was picked up in my readings. Yes, or it's best to assume that it'll happen on its own schedule and never reveal itself to you till it wants to.

I've been waiting for some things for years now and I can feel it's close, but none of my efforts have gotten me anywhere and it's probably time to just go without it for a few years longer. if ANYBODY can give u exact times/dates they're usually a fake. I'm assuming these readings were done a month or two in advance from June. most *psychics* predicts things that far in advance for 2 things

1) not thinking you will come back

2) to pump more info from u if u do come back and then tell u they meant something else.

for example-you will find love in October. then when it doesn't happen they will follow with *have u met anybody new? or any new changes?* and when u say yes then they say *i meant u will find love in urself, or new friendship r hobby r whatever it is NEW ur doing. Anyone who predicts a timeframe should have their word taken with a grain of salt. Timeframes change by the second and are rarely accurate. I generally have a difficult time with channeled information... and I've been doing this for a while now. I would be cautious about readers that offer you glimpses of everything you thought you wanted at the time. It is not insane at all.  This is perfectly natural.   A long time ago, all people were far more in tune with the worlds around them.  It appears that things are shifting back to the way they used to be.  I had insomnia for a few years and take doctor prescribed medication to sleep.  When we first start having psychic experiences it can be a bit shocking and hard to adjust.  Eventually with enough time and experience, you will learn to accept this aspect of yourself and it will be your new normal. No i don't get visions, cuz i m kinda insomniac and overthinking all the time which inturn don't lemme have visions so i m all on it. My thoughts gives me immense out of the world experience. So wat i usually do is make a note and try to connect maybe multiple visions wud have the answers. Yup will do I do not get visions regularly. I do have a story:

Many years ago, I was praying/meditating on the issue of a freind whom I had doubts about. I was concerned about authenticity, pretense, manipulation, etc.

As I was in prayer/meditation, I saw a beautiful woman approach me. I was so glad to see her as she was a friend, you know, the kind you need when you just seperated from your husband and were looking for support and connection to new people.

As she approached me, I noticed that her dress flipped open at the skirt and I glimpsed her leg for a moment. It was scaley, thick skinned and brown. Then I noticed her face and hair, changing before my eyes from lovely and smooth to ugly and wrinkled, monstrous.... Her beautiful dress fell off and she really was a monster.. 

Turns out, she was all the bad things you don't want in a new friend. I ended that friendship and was better off. I learned to look at obvious red flags and not dismiss them. The 'vision' was, in my opinion a warning that many women, including myself  wouldn't have needed if they were not vulnerable. Visions can be potent.  If you study with an experienced person, you can learn to control them. It is the common trait that all humans have where they can sense when they are being watched by another person. The biological phenomenon is known as “gaze detection” or “gaze perception.” Neurological studies have found that the brain cells that initiate this response are very precise. If someone turns their gaze off of you by turning just a few degrees to their left or right, that eerie feeling quickly fades. thought transmission Does it happen with everyone or has it happened with some specific people? Where you place your focus is where you place your energy.

If your mind (not your eyes) is focused on something/someone it can be felt.  
This tho requires just a glimpse of clarity from the other party. this is an example of "The Law of Attraction" practice grounding and aura clearing, usually done while meditating and intentionally throughout the day. it’s easy to take on others energy when you’re around them or interacting with them. having a strong, clean aura will strengthen in protection around you. regular grounding will neutralize and release any energy that does get trapped in your aura. [deleted] A psychic shield should keep most foreign energies out of your systems. And regular grounding should address any that slip through.

EDIT: though I've read somewhere that this is a natural process... as in, us taking on the energies of the people around us. It might leave you feeling groty though so grounding and shielding ought to give you some peace of mind (and cleansing will also help.) Everyone is psychic actually.they just need to tap into their power.It's been really long time I'm in this sub people always posting things like "am I....am I special??" God.you can tap into your powers that's great but please I hate this kind of attitude. The only people really trying to make it sound like something special are those working professionally as psychics. That’s part of their sales technique. Especially the ones who rely on cold reading instead of actual psychic ability. 

Here is my take, we don’t have a soul. We ARE a soul having a human experience. That soul is a spark of the divine. So it’s not that we have special interest from the divine. Rather those who are in tune are simply more open to and aware of the divine’s involvement. It’s still a completely normal and average level of interest on the divine’s part. 

I also see psychic abilities manifesting through intuition (regardless of which of the 4 clairs you have). Intuition is just your subconscious mind processing more things than you conscious mind can manage. So you aren’t aware of how you get the info or conclusion, but you get them nonetheless. 

So basically, being psychic (for real) is just allowing your innate divinity to work and you using your brain. Two completely natural things that we have romanticized these days thanks media and other factors. Being psychic does not make you better or worse than anyone else.  It can be a royal pain in the ass sometimes.  Human nature is inclined toward creating and clinging to labels.  There is no need to give what you are experiencing a specific name.  The best thing to focus on is learning how to develop and manage these abilities and to lead a healthy balanced life. I started journaling on my computer. I titled my document 'Awareness'. I have headings in which i date, then describe the scenario that may or may not be claircognizant (my gift).. then I rate it according to how spiritual vs logical I think my issue is..

Then, I can follow up and see how it plays out. By doing it on a document, I don't confide in another person, which can skew things up, but go only on intuition, claircognizance or find out it didn't take a rocket scientist and my issue was based on subtle but logical cues...

I have a few 'tests' to help me determine if a 'impression' is claircognizance or logic... First, how did the impression come to me? Second, how 'loud' was it? Third, what are any logical or reasonable facts or conclusions that could have led to this?

One example I have had:

   A friend shared with me that a family member was in remission from breast cancer. the thought "This is a temporary reprieve in her journey" came to my mind strong and clear. I don't know why I get these impressions, however I gave my friend support, but since that time, this cancer patient has been traveling down the path of unsuccessful chemotherapy, now radiation therapy .... everyone has psychic abilities it’s natural not a superpower it’s basic stuff people just forgot “Not I”, said the goose. I have the gift & simply don’t “tap” into. It gives me anxiety. Psychics and mediums wannabes are the worst... it´s also what we the see most around here. I´d say you have sensibility. I don´t see the need to lable what you are, you can be many things. The only tip I can give you, is to always pay attention to your mental health because the energy field of sensible people tends to be more vulnerable. It sounds like you’re being guided to do just that—explore your psychic abilities more. Don’t question it or overthink the journey, just follow the unfolding. ✨ When I went through something similar a few years ago, I read as much as I could get my hands on. One neat book that was easily digestible to start with is Sherri Dillard’s “Discover Your Psychic Type.” Feel what you’re guided to and what resonates with you the most. Yeah I know what you mean. For ages I was overwhelmed by all the things I was experiencing and when I finally accepted them for what they are, I now know I have these abilities for a reason. The reason can change and can take a while to realise what it is but at the end it's worth it. 

It sounds to me you are an empath (feeling people's energies of some level) and have clairaudience. You can have more than one of clair abilities so have a read on all of them and how to practise triggering them. I personally have clairvoyance (I had dreams of things that actually happened somewhere else in the world before it was announced in the news. And no I never dreamed of the future. It's either things in the past or present) and claircognizance. Claircognizance is the dominant clair ability for me as info just appears in my brain out of nowhere for example a friend getting a new job or breaking up with their partner while being abroad on the other side of the world. I knew about these and when I messaged them, I was asked how I knew as it happened 5 mins ago. I have a lot of deja vus which I now recognise as claircognizance and I'm no longer shocked when it occurs but it's sometimes difficult to explain to others how I know things who don't believe that these abilities exist. 

I believe everyone has these abilities in their subconscious brain but some people can trigger them naturally while some people need some practice or realisation they exist. I have the belief that “psychic abilities” (umbrella term) are actually a natural part of human  existence, but many people are unaware of them.

I think of psychic abilities as extra senses. Some people are more aware of here senses than others, but would have extreme difficulty describing these senses to another person, so it’s difficult to teach others how to experience these senses. However, it can be done.

The psychic abilities aren’t a gift at all, they are a natural part of the human experience. However, to have an awareness of them and being able to utilise them is something we should be grateful for. Some people are naturally amazing singers. Some people aren’t talented but get better with practice. But everyone has the ability (: Think of Hinduism, which acknowledges that we are each the divine vs. Christianity, which focuses on a one and only messiah narrative. I think many of us take on that mindset of "the chosen one" when we are all truly chosen by the divine, each for our own purpose. Psychic abilities are a manifestation of our unique connection to the divine. Here’s the truth no one wants to hear. Everyone wants to be psychic simply because that word is  the lowest form of human comprehension in the world that could be created with someone with ACTUAL supernatural gifts and everyone thinks they have them. Some people are actually shamans, gatekeepers, ancient beings, high priestess and etc. And then you have regular humans wanting to be “psychic”. Being called psychic for some people is so insulting because it’s barely scratching the surface of what some people can do. 
“Psychic” abilities are either given to people who have a role in the spiritual realm or have something specifically in their DNA. It’s such a ignorant comment when someone says “all of us have unawakened psychic gifts” which is completely false. All people have an intuition and a third eye and we all can astral project, not a gift.  And the ones who use “psychic” sometimes benefit off of peoples vulnerability in the situation they’re in. Tarot readers like to call themselves psychic as well when anyone can read cards. There’s a distinct difference between trying to act special and then actually being special. There’s not as many psychics as you think. The ones with extraordinary gifts are in hiding because some people don’t wanna be used as weapons by the government. People wonder why mermaids are in hiding and look at where the world is at in present time. Alot of people can’t comprehend they’re way more “psychic” gifts then what’s found on google. That’s for sure. If you are able to access other dimensions which are present here, you can experince different realities. When rules are not preventing flying, go fly. But everyone else is also flying in this other plane, so it is not something rare anymore. 

The so called "psychic" powers occur when your connection with any other dimension and this one is strong. This creates some type of an energy bridge and creates a possibility of totally foreign energies existing in this plane through you. Except some rare cases, the affects are usually visible only on other people and occurs especially when you have a close connection with them and if the other person is receptive to you. It is much rarer to see any affects on objects, animals, plants, places etc. because, you are human and your system is compatible with other humans by default. In a case where the energy brought is unable to live outside your body or mind, only you perceive the changes. In these cases we seek people who are having similar experiences. We use clues to express what kind of a thing we are having and if you express these to wrong people or have difficulties on expressing yourself, you may get tagged with insulting adjectives or mental ilness claims. We still seek help and call out because, why not one day find actual people who are actually accessing these unexpeted planes as us.

Calling any type of foerign energy good or bad is just a projection of our daily mind. The thing is less about intentions of an energy and more about the compatibility of an energy. For example, you find a new type but when you want to bring it in fully, bad experiences emerge. This only means that you are having synchronization issues. Horror is of course normal because, compatibility issues may go as dangerous as death or maybe even worse. Think about your head and your body having sycnronization issues, or your brain not being compatible to your hearth or organs etc. Things would get fucked up of course. Similarly, one type of energy may totally conflict with another one. Im not psychic.  Its overwhelming I just called it being tuned in. We all have the radio. Everyone IS a psychic though. I love how this post has 82% up vote rate, but the idiots talking about how they can speak to others souls if they touch the tip of their nose 5 times get close to 100% up vote rate 

This is probably the best post ever made in this sub which isn't saying much Everyone is psychic to a degree, just about honing in on it. Look into chakras if you want to increase your knowledge. i think that we are all intrinsically unique and connected infinitely. our journey and purpose are incomparable. just because we are different does not mean we have to tune into our ego and say we are superior. we are all special in our ways (:. that's what i think i also definitely think you are an empath. your ability to tune in is a gift but ik how draining it can be. i personally want to explore this myself and gain awareness of how this can empower me more.  I was literally talking about this with my boyfriend. He wants me to market my astrology services more but I am so into science and believe there is science and data behind astrology, yet there are so many people that are condescending and just "hey look at me" about their craft and "wisdom" about metaphysical sciences. I am very interested in science, medicine, and the idea that God/The Divine can be synonymous and in sync with these.. but I just don't want to be labeled a certain way or have it take away from other more widely respected subjects that I am good at.

&#x200B;

 He was explaining that there was this girl in school who dressed like a witch and had all of her stuff with her. I rolled my eyes. Not in judgment but it's such an obvious, "look how superior I am than you." It happens even within religion. There are people online who love to preach bout how they are a a"priestess" and they do not work for the client, and that the client cannot always get what they want. lmao like calm down Hocus Pocus. 

&#x200B;

 We all have natural and distinctive capabilities and we all have the ability to lean into this more unseen part of the world and bring it into fruition. No one is more or less special than anyone else in that regard. I have also noticed myself in particular I can read moments before they happen. I imagine there are so many people that this has happened to.

&#x200B;

 I was doing laundry the other day and I was outside in Chicago and was out on my back porch and saw this older lady on her back porch. I remember thinking to myself in my head it was so nice to see her. Because she is older and I lived at my apartment since start of pandemic and I have never spoke to her but she has kind of been like a "theme" in my life. She is very old so I remember smiling and thinking "It's so good to see her out right now enjoying the sun." I wanted to wave to her but I wanted to spare myself future awkward moments where I felt forced to have to wave and say hi to her. So I decided not to. Suddenly she waved at me and smiled from her balcony, and I smiled and waved back and was fascinated with that encounter. 

&#x200B;

 I am appreciative of the tools astrology has become over centuries that ancestors have developed. I have used astrology time and time again in my life and find it very accurate and practical. It's nature. I predicted Britney Spears' baby announcement a day before it happened prior to the Jupiter-Neptune conjunction in 2022. What I am getting at is, yes there are people that are in it for the shock factor or to feel superior, but many people are genuinely trying to explore and get more in tune with metaphysical sciences to learn more about the world and themselves, and this universe. Personally I want to discover what happens after we die, and I am on the search for truth, and truth that I can prove. Because if I can confirm that death in this realm is not the end, then who knows what progress can be made without the lingering fear and dread of death. 

&#x200B;

 Try to be open-minded, and maybe give some compassion to people who use it as a means just to feel that they have a role or some sort of purpose. Even the condescending spiritualists who just want to feel validated. Look at them as some cute kindergartener and you will grow less annoyed. lol human beings are hilarious little creatures (myself included) and I don't mean this in a God-Complex sort of way. There’s no such things as psychics The voices/images you see while falling asleep is actually totally normal and is called “hypnogogia”, a very common phenomenon to experience while falling asleep. I used to experience the **same exact** thing & mistake it as “visions” until I learned about hypnogogia and the odd effects that it can have on the human mind. 

That being said - having extremely vivid dreams can often be a sign of a gift. You mention having dreams where you receive messages from what you perceive as a higher power - could you elaborate on this a bit more? Also, have your dreams only recently taken on these meaningful aspects, or have you always had meaningful/coherent dreams? Do you have normal dreams with occasional meaningful ones, or do you have meaningful ones more frequently, or even always? I’m very interested by this, as I also have very vivid dreams and your experience sounds very similar to mine. As everyone is saying everyone is psychic BUT I get where you’re coming from. I think what you’re sensing is the ego and it is very real. The ego wants to be seen as psychic so it can feel special and get attention, as opposed to just being psychic and living life. I don’t think either are bad, the human experience is really complicated. I dont have to "feel" what my wife is thinking, I can actually hear her in my head at times asking a question to which I awnser out loud. I've done this well over 100 times. We have an intense connection and I believe we have been together before in a past life. I have strong feelings. And when I know something is wrong I tell him not to go or warn him. So far I'm right. And he will call me or text me when something is wrong. I've read about this happening but have not experienced it yet. Congrats on having such an intimate relationship. Have you had conversations telepathically? In my experience talking to animals I hear what they are saying as a voice in my head in English.

FYI: r/Telepathy It happened with someone I used to date who I was close with. Crazy stuff. Is both being mentally and emotionally unstable made it an absolute roller coaster but still interesting I describe my ability as 'claircognizant'... I 'know' things... things about other people, other's walk in their journey in life... For me it's difficult as I'm not always sure if it isn't my own mind thinking to myself. 

I wish to cultivate this gift simply for my benefit and other's if helpful. Right now, I'm determined to keep it to myself because others think I'm nuts. I'm not sure whether we are twin flames but have it with one of my female friends all the time! We even play telepathy games sometimes! It’s just the energy around specific body parts, their chakras. Mouth could be sacral or throat, eyes third eye, etc. Nobody controls your intuition. Your intuition is the cumulative knowledge of all infinity, it's your direct connection to the universe. 

It is your inner self. It is your soul, timeless and infinite glimpsing itself in that moment. Your intuition is a deep knowing without knowing how you know. Lol Another name for intuition is the subconscious.  Our senses perceive way more than we are consciously aware of.  Things in our peripheral vision, sounds and voices in the background, micro facial expressions, subtle changes in voice tone, smells from afar.  Our subconscious gathers and stores massive amounts of information all the time.  We would be overwhelmed if we had to consciously acknowledge all that information so we are only consciously aware of the important things or whatever it is we are focussed on at any one moment.  However all the information we harvest both consciously and unconsciously is stored and is retrievable.  This has been tested and proven.  Under hypnosis you have total recall, under hypnosis you can recall details and information that you were at first not aware of consciously.

Having studied psychology for a great number of years.  I’m a freelance body language analyst.  A certified hypnotherapist, an accredited CBT practitioner and…a tarot reader, IMHO Intuition has nothing to do with the universe, it isn’t being psychic, it’s not telepathy. It has nothing to do with auras or any of that nonsense.  Intuition is a natural cognitive function.  Intuition is accessing, listening and acknowledging signals and messages from the subconscious. Your intution is part of your soul…. your soul emulates colors which is your aura,  your soul is your guide and your absolute biggest cheerleader for life,  what is important is that your clairs - Clairsentience- clairvoyance- Claircognizance etc.. all come from the soul.. you can not be who you are without your soul…. So maybe some teaching will help you …   One thing that may help is that your spirit and soul work together….. so the spirit is the spark and the soul is the engine… you need both to live… your spirit provides the spark to the soul and the soul is the dedication and the strength to get you through your life… much love and comments appreciated It could be described, if it at all helps, as a version of you. You as a being can strengthen it or attempt to by exercising it. Mind game if you will with verification. The spiritual body or creativeness tapping into the analytical for processing and receiving. Intuition is different from intelligence. Your inner self controls it. By what you feel around it. Does it make you feel negative emotions, maybe uncomfortable physical sensations, do you just have a bad gut feeling about it? These are all common indicators No need to check.  Properly cleanse the object of what is on it and any bad energies attached to it will be gone.  There are a number of ways to cleanse an object.  You can bury it in the ground for a time.  You can submerge it in a natural stream of running water or the ocean.  You can also bury it in salt.  The author Scott Cunningham wrote a number of useful books and one in particular regarding crystals and metals that covers these procedures. Sounds like you are doing just fine so far.  Psychometry can be interesting.  I am curious as to what got you started in the first place? Good going. Just make sure you are not pushing yourself too much to do anything. Go slow and steady but not too slow lol. 1st pls don’t think this is your fault or his mothers fault 2ndly someone needs to explain how BC works to this man and 3rdly if he still won’t stop being paranoid- he needs to grow some balls and I mean that with as much love and compassion as possible. He clearly doesn’t understand the female body nor how BC works. And if you STILL got pregnant which is 1000% unlikely it would be miracle. 
Also visions can subjective. There could have been a turning point in your relationship with him and his mother saw very far into the future. Pregnancy vision could also mean new things are coming and will come fruition. It can mean the conception of new jobs, new relationships, interest etc. A pregnancy vision is not just subjective to physical pregnancy. To me personally I would say it’s a vision regarding the depth of the relationship and could very well be a far future event. Your bf needs to relax and not be paranoid. He can have a vasectomy! Problem solved! Is the boyfriends mother aware you're infertile. Maybe an adoption in the future that you accept as your own. Maybe a surrogate. Perhaps this is not helpful, I don't mean any disrespect; but this is an example of why I don't share my 'claircognizance' impressions with people...

I'm sure MIL meant well and may be looking forward to grandchildren however, it is not her business whether or not you are infertile, will become pregnant or whatever.

I jot these impressions on a computer document and follow to see what happens. I think this kind of revelation is meant only for the person who receives it.... If it does become true, there may be a temptation for MIL or anyone to  think.."See, I knew it".... It could be that the mother saw what she wanted to see (grandchildren in her future.) sounds like you experienced astral projection. it’s easy to do when you also experience sleep paralysis. side note- when these things are happening, your body is asleep but your brain/mind awake and functioning in that realm. breathing quickly will trigger your brain to wake up your body in case something is wrong. great trick to use if you can’t wake up out of sleep paralysis. on the flip side, if you are experiencing any of these things including lucid dreaming intentionally and want to continue, keep your breathing regular so you don’t wake up. You could talk to your higher self. I just say to myself "I connect now with my higher self for communication" and then thank my higher self after I've used the pendulum. I had this happen yesterday I was staring at seltzer water considering getting it then ten feet from me in a line two woman started talking about seltzer water. It was really weird. So you’re not the only person this happens to. I’m not sure how it happens with strangers but I have had relatives project thoughts to me and me to them recently as well. I’ve accidentally projected a cuss word at someone before too. I felt horrible about that. I was in a restaurant once and the waitress asked me what I wanted.  I had been thinking strongly about the salad with grilled shrimp and red wine vinaigrette dressing, but verbally ordered the prime rib special.  She then brought me the exact salad that I had been strongly considering.  I told her that was not what I ordered, but I had been thinking about this exact salad so I would be ok keeping it.  I could tell that she was upset and knew that something odd had happened.  I left a big tip and thanked her for the great salad.  It sometimes unnerves people when they learn that their thoughts can be heard or that they can hear the thoughts of others.  Be alert to see if it happens again and if it does then you will have your answer. Nothing is a coincidence. You were picking up on her thoughts. If she said it right after, you were having the same thought simultaneously. I personally have difficulty with this kind of encounter.

First, I do document this interaction on my computer to think about whether or not it was truly physic or not.

I would say that it appears to be that there was a connection of thoughts about the ice cream melting. On the other hand, in the every day world of people waiting in line to purchase something like ice cream, it would be normal and non spiritual for any person to think 'the ice cream is going to melt".... Sounds like thought transmission to me. Nothing is a coincidence we are all divinely connected Spirit showed you their true heart and their potential so you, as a friend, could encourage them. Your belief in your friend will help them understand their own potential as well. It is a wonderful thing, a friend once helped me believe in myself. I am forever grateful to her. Bless you, babe, keep up the good work! You should try teleporting to the moon for that sweet kryptonite and then use your super powers to shoot lasers out of your eyes Belief is a powerful thing.

There are various methods of warding against spirits from different cultures that you could use for her room and your home. Whatever you choose, I recommend involving your daughter in it. I think it's harmless even for a non-believer to go "okay sweetheart, here's a magic stone that can keep the brown lady away" and putting a piece of black tourmaline or some amethyst (there are some cute carvings I've seen over on eBay of amethyst fairies) on her bookshelf.

The symbol might be scary for her so I'd hide it, but the evil eye is strongly coming to me for protection in this case.

You can also make a 'monster spray'. Put a piece of black Tourmaline into a spray bottle, add some white glitter (what little girl doesn't love glitter?), and charge water under moonlight or sunlight, whichever resonates more. Add a few drops of lavender essential oil or peppermint. Spritz from the bottle into her room/on her bedding when you tuck her in at night. To help her personalize it and feel part of it take her to get some stickers that she can put on her bottle. The really important part here is the ritual of it - make it with her, have her involved in it so her own power charges it and she knows that there's a feeling of safety from these things. Hi,
Hope everything is okay.

I use to see spirits when I was younger but it goes away so don’t worry too much about it. I was around her age when I started seeing them but you have to remind her that nothing can hurt her and that you’ll always be there for her. My parents would put Quran that would be on repeat in all our rooms to get the encounters to stop and it did. But I know everyone’s religion and beliefs are different so you do whatever feels right🙏🏻 Both of my sons (3 & 5) are very connected to the spirit world and as I’m understanding and learning more, the newest-to-earth-in-this-lifetime souls are. We smudge weekly or when we feel led to and I have my kids do it with me. We also take energy cleansing baths (1 cup sea salt/Himalayan salt, crystals, fresh fruit, herbs) when either one of the kids seems to be going through something or experiencing more activity. 
I have also taught them both to put their “protection bubbles” around them when they feel nervous or scared. Have them envision themselves in a bubble that is emitting bright white light. Nothing bad can happen inside that bubble- they are protected from anything and everything. You can make it into a game even! 
As others have said, keep an open conversation and believe what she sees and has to say. 
Everything will be ok! My daughter just came to me crying 2 nights ago as well, she’s 12. She saw a manlike shadow next to her bed, she went to the bathroom and she saw what she described at lights in there. She sketched it for me and it looked like symbols in my opinion. 
I myself have been dealing with these spirits/demons for a few years. They keep being sent to me. They just try to annoy me and bring chaos into my life and problems. The more and more it happens the stronger I become and they leave me alone . 
I spoke to my daughter and told her not to be afraid, they can’t curt us. I was as open as I could be with her for her age. Did not want to overwhelm her. She slept with me that night and last night she slept in her bedroom again as if nothing happened. Best thing you can do is teach her not to be frightened of them. Children learn by how adults act. Don’t convince her she’s not there, acknowledge that she sees the spirits, and reassure her they mean her no harm, and they just are curious to talk to her / see her because normally, people can’t see them. 

The best thing to do is not to be scared of them. They can feed off that energy. If they’re bothering you, tell them politely this is your home and you’d like them to leave. If they’re quiet and don’t bother you, just leave them be. I personally feel like most of them just want people to acknowledge that they see them Lots of good advice here. I’m also wondering if you could hire a medium to come and talk with Ms. Walpole and maybe help her cross over. Or at least communicate to her that she needs to stop scaring the little one. I’m Pyschic medium clairvoyant. Reading this story gave me goosebumps. That’s Spirit giving me conformation it’s truth. The best thing u can do for ur little girl is not to dismiss her. She wasn’t scared so the lady was a nice spirit. The spirit wants to say hi. You’ll have to take each day as it comes. I can feel Ur daughter is very sensitive. I’m picking up she’s very close to u. Like I say. For us children that see things. The nicest and kindest thing is to be believed and accepted. I hope that’s helpful. The spirit lady is still attached to her home. 🤍 When I was a child I would see spirits and shadow people all the time. Best thing you can do is listen to her, validate her, and let her know if she ever gets scared to pray, pray that the light touches them and they’ll go away. Nothing. No need to be worried. Spirits will make themselves visible to children for a variety of reasons. The best thing for this type of entity is for you to acknowledge them, to say "hi there, we are here for peaceful purposes, this is our family, we are kind" and sort of wave *goodbye* to them. You could sage the house, get the house all smoked up, every corner nook and cranny.  It will stink for a while but it should calm things down Talk to her and explain things. She will understand. She will be a mentor because she sees spirits. I was like this myself as a child. My grandmother and father helped me understand. They helped me know that spirits are not dangerous.

If you’re not sure how to treat this join the r/mediums group and ask questions. They can help and support you. do not force them to sin. spirits are awesome if you know how to talk with them. remember they appreciate perfection :) Take them to an experienced physiatrist to rule out possible hallucinations and make sure nothing else is going on. Although, sounds like she is really in touch with a sprit. If you rule phyc issues out, be honest with them, they have a gift and they need to learn how to interpret those interactions. Help them to know coming from a place of understanding why the spirit  needs to be contscting them will help lessen the threat. Maybe even help give them the strength to get rid of it.

It's rare the child is scared. If they have that gift. It's just how they understand the world. Prolly let them know, not everyone has it or will understand. So it is concerning she is scared. Particularly if this is the first time. Could be a negative sprit. If that is the case you need to change the fungsway of the place and practice positive energy affirmations. (I am clairvoyant and find that if I am focused on negativity or when I had toxic roommates activity would happen v. Having a clean, copacetic home nothing would happen)

Also, maybe reach out to other credible adults with that gift to help give them some advice. Weird idea but - have you considered playing gregorian chants (catholic) at night? Christ Jesus and psychiatrist. Read John 3:16-18, teach your children about belief in son of God = eternal life and forgiveness and friendship with our heavenly father. Also, your child may be hallucinating- see a psychiatrist. Dont encourage them to seek out spirits.evil spirits can come after you and your child.but Christ can protect you of course, he's bigger and more powerful than all of them combined and on your side of you believe in him :) peace be with you Anxiety is said to manifest sometimes as recurring dreams (which if you've been feeding the anxiety with more anxiety about the dream's possible meaning, is probably going to get worse.)

Sometimes dreams are just dreams. Not everything is a sign and not everything has to be a sign. I used to have dreams like that.  They ended when I practiced lucid dreaming.  The scenarios would repeat until I became aware I was dreaming. I sent you a message. I might have some answers for you. We all can , it's always within us ..just practice..start with mediation and try tarot readings..try with yourself then others , journal dreams ...

Edit- u can practice with pendulum too > What makes some more receptive to psychic abilities than others?

Tendency to actually listen I think being interested in spirituality and having an open mind helps considerably. Some people just don’t believe at all and think it’s all nonsense which is fine but if they aren’t receptive to psychic abilities it’s not going to happen for them. Most of the time that is the case at least, there are exceptions. Usually after something that was out of their control like a near death experience or unintentional astral projection, seeing a spirit etc can change people’s outlook. Personally, I think I unconsciously blocked a lot of my abilities for most of my adult life due to being an unhealthy empath and suffering abusive trauma. A couple years ago, I started experiencing an intense spiritual awakening and my psychic abilities exploded as a part of that. I had to come up to speed very quickly not only with accepting that I had abilities but also learning how they worked and how to work with them and set up healthy energetic boundaries. I think people with abilities are born that way, but that our life experiences can cause us to either consciously or unconsciously block them. For me, meditation has helped IMMENSELY. I had to learn to know what my own energy felt like so that I could start to differentiate it from energy that comes from outside myself and learn to not get so overwhelmed by energy that's not my own. Also, once I accepted that this is a thing that happens to me, I started really paying attention to messages that I get from gut feelings, spirit guides, etc. I started noticing more and more things that in the past I either wouldn't have noticed at all or would have blown off as coincidence. Once I started paying attention, I started appreciating how spirit is constantly broadcasting and how all you have to do is turn on your radio. 

I feel that my daughter has some gifts... she is am empath and she and I seem to be very psychically connected. Call me crazy(I have schizoaffective disorder) but while I think every single person has psychic ability, I feel anyone who might fall on the neurodivergent spectrum are particularly inclined. Clean body, spring water. No man made food or medicine  chemicals. Crystals, crystals, and more crystals.
Nothing accelerates us like spending time with the energy masters.

All these practices help, but most of all inviting  to be a channel and serve the light. Personally I think it's the way the receptors in the brain work, I think of it as energy and like radio waves, I feel my brain is on a more wide spectrum and that's why I can read people and entities. With age my eyes are going and I don't see spirits as easy as I use too, eyes work on light waves entering them also I feel mine where better able too see energy that other could not but with them failing I'm losing that.
I did not think people could learn but I changed my mind some since remote viewer can learn so I feel maybe you can train yourself to tune in to the energy to do these things. Wear gemstone as per your moon sign, 
Vegetarian diet,
Chanting mantra or meditation with incense focusing upon deity..
Listening to binaural beats like 639hz ,936hz..
Channelizing your sexual energy with various yoga techniques.. I can see auras too but for most people they seem kinda thin or worn down. I don’t see shapes though unless I’m mediating in my head and then I’ll sometimes see patterns or shapes That's great !!! Where do you guys live. I would pay money for someone to check mine! You missed one. People who don’t realize they have these abilities.

Everybody has abilities. Lots of people just don’t know it and won’t develop them Some pretend so that they may fit in here, for reasons of their own. 

Some are only here to observe. Our problems are not their problems.

Some are really what they seem and cannot tell you otherwise.

Then a small minority are here to develop themselves, to help, to pay their debts forward.

If someone crosses your path, you have a choice to make. Help them? Ignore them? Acknowledge them? Say hello to them?  There is no one right behavior that fits everyone. This is where we tend to be blinded by our own light.

Comparison is the thief of joy. This is especially true in sensitive groups, so delay judgement. Or as Ted Lasso says; Be curious; not judgmental. If you truly want to heighten your awareness take what you know and go live in nature for a couple of weeks. Take tools, shelter, and water, but no food. The food you have to be able to get yourself, or know what it feels like to starve. Meditate, focus on pure alignment of your spirit and nature. Nature starts to talk back after awhile. What is 4d or 5d living? What differences are there to 3d? Maybe I didn´t understand the point of your post... Everyone is an average person, in my eyes at least. Spirituality and beliefs are a highly personal choice. No one is forced to be believe anything in a free culture and not all cutures allow people to be free. Imo, it´s wrong to impose any subject that is my focus and belief system on others. The 'legitimate' resources are the ones that work for you. Psychics are not all the same. We came in this lifetime with different strengths and plans. One common piece of advice that is often very useful is to begin "with what resonates with you". What does that mean?

You every seen someone on the other side of the street and had this strong desire to walk across to them and say hello? That's resonance. The opposite affect is called dissonance. You see them coming and you want to run away.

Books, websites, youtube videos, in person seminars, each have a distinct vibration. Some of those will resonate with you. You can walk into a New Age bookstore, run your hand along the spines of the books on a shelf until you feel like stopping, then take out that book and just hold it in your hand. How does it feel. What does it make you think about. Does it resonate with you.

In the meantime, you can practice the following. It will enhance your ability to feel that energy in the books, or any other energy and place.

Try this. Sit in a chair. Close your eyes. Take a deep breath. Feet flat on the floor. Hands separated and resting palms up on each thigh.

Create a grounding cord. This is a line of energy that connects your first chakra to the center of the planet. Your first chakra is a ball of energy about the size of a quarter that sits just in front of the base of your spine. Your grounding cord attaches to the bottom of that ball of energy.

Grounding makes your body feel safe, so you release energy more easily. Gravity pulls whatever you release, even your own energy, down to the center of the planet. No effort on your part. The center of the planet neutralizes the energy and returns it to whoever owns it. No karma for anyone. A virtuous cycle.

Nearly everyone goes to connect to the center of the planet the first time but stops at the soil, often making roots like a tree. This is a method that is taught in some martial arts styles, but it is not the best option for your spiritual development and healing.

So, notice the seat of your chair. Take a deep breath. Notice the distance between the seat and the floor. Now notice the distance between the floor and the soil below. Breathe.

Now notice the distance between the soil and the water table underneath. Notice the distance between the water table and the rocky mantle. Notice the distance between the mantle and the molten core below that. Deep breath.

Notice the distance between the molten core and the center of the planet. That ball of light at the very center of the planet is where you connect your grounding cord. Deep breath.

Say hello to the center of the planet. Do you get a hello back?

Notice the color and texture of your grounding cord. It may look like a line of energy, or look like something physical; a rope, a wire, a pipe, a tree trunk. Adjust it as needed to be in affinity with your body.

Getting this far means you've already released some energy from your aura and body. Now it is time to fill in the space that was created.

Create a gold sun over your head. Have it call back all of your energy from wherever you left it throughout your day and week. Work. School. Online meetings. Video games. Your fantasies about your future. Your regrets about your past. Wherever you've placed your attention. Just watch the energy come back and see if you notice where it came from.

Have the sun burn up and neutralize your energy. Then bring the sun into the top of your head. It will automatically flow into the spaces you created. Create a gauge to measure when you're full. Like a fuel gauge or oil gauge. You'll run better if you aren't a few quarts low on spiritual oil. If the gauge doesn't read "Full", bring in another gold sun.

Open your eyes, bend over and touch the floor, draining any tension from the back of your neck, then stand up, and stretch.

There is a progression with this technique. After grounding for ten minutes a day for a week or two, notice your grounding cord at the very end, while you're standing with your eyes open. Continue to ground with your eyes open and standing, and bring in another gold sun. Each day, increase the amount of time that you ground standing up with your eyes open.

After a week or two practicing this, add walking while grounded. Just notice your grounding cord as you walk. Say hello to the center of the planet while you walk. Bring in a gold sun while you walk.  If you lose your grounding cord, stop walking and recover it. If you have to, sit back down and close your eyes and create a new grounding cord.

After this, you're ready to take your grounding cord with you into your daily life. Shopping. Getting coffee. Wherever you go, you can ground. This, combined with a little amusement about seeing new things on an energy level, will keep you safe and sound.

Now that you're here, at the end of your grounding meditations, create a gold sun over your head. This time, fill it with your highest creative essence, your present time growth vibration, and your affinity for yourself. The first energy is a healing for you. The second is a healing for your body. The third is a healing for your affinity in your fourth chakra.

Bend over and touch the floor. Stand up and stretch. If you're ready for more, sit back down and ground some more. Otherwise, have a nice day!

Note that every image you imagine, the gold sun, the grounding cord, the center of the planet, your first chakra, your body parts, is exercising your clairvoyance. You may be imagining what your tailbone looks like, but you're also creating the image of your tailbone and reading its energy. This is practicing your clairvoyant ability. Using a pendulum you have to be in a neutral state. You can’t have expectations. Because your thoughts are really creating the movement. If you’re overthinking it or trying to “test” the pendulum, it creates dissonance and won’t give you a true answer. This is just what I’ve learned from my own experience though. I’m on a break from using my pendulum bc I had too much dissonance in my being (life circumstances, anxiety, depression) and it was giving me skewed results. I have had issues with pendulum work in the past. A few "pointers" (pun intended).

1. Energetically cleanse your pendulum often. There are many ways to do this, I cleanse mine in the moonlight and the smoke from incense but every pendulum is different.

2. Energetically cleanse your space regularly however you normally would.

3. As mentioned by another comment, be sure you are in a neutral frame of mind (answer doesn't matter)

4. Ask your pendulum if you or it needs a break... this happens.

5. Be sure that you aren't trusting your tools over your own intuition.

&#x200B;

I think the biggest obstacle to getting consistently right answers is placing too much responsibility on the pendulum. It's just a "thing on a string," you are the power that makes it work.

I hope this is helpful for you. Cleanse it by burying it on the earth/soil overnight. This works like magic ;) The way I see it is, the knowledge isn't in the pendulum, it's in ourselves. Call it energy or vibrations or whatever you please, but the answers I get from my pendulum come from deep inside myself. The pendulum is just a shortcut for going deep. Once you have established the meanings of different movements, don't mess around with your questions, because you are messing around with yourself. That's incredible and it does sound like you've been given a gift. You're probably in shock now qnd taking it all in. Honestly I see this loop pattern as means of connecting with you. That there is a cycle with concepts, ideas, events etc that are being stuck on replay almost as if you "missed" them so it's like a ok let's start again kind of thing. But with the last part with the paralysis I get the indication that it is almost as if there is a lag between the connections due to the vividness of the dream state, that it is as though your body takes a bit to get back into a fluid state in the current. Almost as if it is catching up with the fact that you became aware but you haven't settled into your body in the current connection state that its as though there is a lag. If that makes any sense. If you message me I can describe what works for me when that happens. I also think with this specific phenomenon you would get more help posting in r/mediums Something like this happened to me last night. It was like a dream within several dreams. Sleep paralysis. Your body freezes your muscles when you sleep so you don’t sleepwalk; some folks (like my dad) also have awoken before it wears off (and y’all can’t move for a spell) I don't really know what you mean by "timing" & "dining", but high pitched ringing in one or both of your ears sounds exactly like clairaudient communication. As long as you know it's not tinnitus or some other medical thing, you should take note of which ear you hear it with, how high the pitch was, and what you were doing at the time. There are plenty of videos you can use to find explanations, but I'm sure someone else will type it all in a comment too. I have observed this, but I brushed it off I have this!! Everyone I've mentioned this to just says its Dejavu and my brain tricking me, but I genuinely dream of things and then days later, maybe even a week or 2, that exact thing happens and I get this weird feeling pass through me. I have super vivid dreams at times and often remember details or even the whole dream including bizarre transitions when I wake up.

Example: I recently dreamt of me and my parents sat in a cafe talking about a particular thing and sat in a particular configuration. The next weekend I go for coffee with my parents and don't really notice until the exact same words and phrases are said, the same hand movements etc I have this as well and it's so crazy, it's been happening a lot more frequently. Everyone thinks I'm crazy but it's comforting knowing I'm not the only one. Mine is similar, I dream sometimes about the exact thing I’m going to do tomorrow, a little different to yours but similar but I think it’s coz I’m always thinking about my day ahead.

Sometimes it’s happened to me that what I’m doing I’ve already done the exact thing before and I’ve dreamt about it but I don’t fully remember. The opposite happens to me, I see snippets of the past. Small bits of memories from infancy through toddler age. When it first happened it was extremely disorienting when I woke up because I didn't know it was a resurfaced memory yet but knew the dream was "real" and was confused how I just went from being a year old to seventeen. 

I wonder if this is in any way related to what happens to you. Somehow you're picking up on your future memories... It's called deja reve. I've had it too. As you open up your awareness, it's useful to think of your body as an antennae array that's been idle for a long time, collecting dust, dead bugs, corrosion, bird shit; i.e. all the detritus of life.

Energy systems are energy systems. Power companies in some climates wash the insulators on their high power transmission lines. This prevents the lines shorting out catastrophically during the first rain after a dry spell. All that dust and dirt makes the rain conductive, and energy tends to follow the shortest path to the ground. Explosions and fires tend to follow.

So you have some housekeeping to do. When your antennas are clean, they don't short out when you open them up and some strong energy passes your way. 

Try this. Sit in a chair. Close your eyes. Take a deep breath. Feet flat on the floor. Hands separated and resting palms up on each thigh.

Create a grounding cord. This is a line of energy that connects your first chakra to the center of the planet. Your first chakra is a ball of energy about the size of a quarter that sits just in front of the base of your spine. Your grounding cord attaches to the bottom of that ball of energy.

Grounding makes your body feel safe, so you release energy more easily. Gravity pulls whatever you release, even your own energy, down to the center of the planet. No effort on your part. The center of the planet neutralizes the energy and returns it to whoever owns it. No karma for anyone. A virtuous cycle.

Nearly everyone goes to connect to the center of the planet the first time but stops at the soil, often making roots like a tree. This is a method that is taught in some martial arts styles, but it is not the best option for your spiritual development and healing.

So, notice the seat of your chair. Take a deep breath. Notice the distance between the seat and the floor. Now notice the distance between the floor and the soil below. Breathe.

Now notice the distance between the soil and the water table underneath. Notice the distance between the water table and the rocky mantle. Notice the distance between the mantle and the molten core below that. Deep breath.

Notice the distance between the molten core and the center of the planet. That ball of light at the very center of the planet is where you connect your grounding cord. Deep breath.

Say hello to the center of the planet. Do you get a hello back?

Notice the color and texture of your grounding cord. It may look like a line of energy, or look like something physical; a rope, a wire, a pipe, a tree trunk. Adjust it as needed to be in affinity with your body.

Getting this far means you've already released some energy from your aura and body. Now it is time to fill in the space that was created.

Create a gold sun over your head. Have it call back all of your energy from wherever you left it throughout your day and week. Work. School. Online meetings. Video games. Your fantasies about your future. Your regrets about your past. Wherever you've placed your attention. Just watch the energy come back and see if you notice where it came from.

Have the sun burn up and neutralize your energy. Then bring the sun into the top of your head. It will automatically flow into the spaces you created. Create a gauge to measure when you're full. Like a fuel gauge or oil gauge. You'll run better if you aren't a few quarts low on spiritual oil. If the gauge doesn't read "Full", bring in another gold sun.

Open your eyes, bend over and touch the floor, draining any tension from the back of your neck, then stand up, and stretch.

There is a progression with this technique. After grounding for ten minutes a day for a week or two, notice your grounding cord at the very end, while you're standing with your eyes open. Continue to ground with your eyes open and standing, and bring in another gold sun. Each day, increase the amount of time that you ground standing up with your eyes open.

After a week or two practicing this, add walking while grounded. Just notice your grounding cord as you walk. Say hello to the center of the planet while you walk. Bring in a gold sun while you walk.  If you lose your grounding cord, stop walking and recover it. If you have to, sit back down and close your eyes and create a new grounding cord.

After this, you're ready to take your grounding cord with you into your daily life. Shopping. Getting coffee. Wherever you go, you can ground. This, combined with a little amusement about seeing new things on an energy level, will keep you safe and sound.

Now that you're here, at the end of your grounding meditations, create a gold sun over your head. This time, fill it with your highest creative essence, your present time growth vibration, and your affinity for yourself. The first energy is a healing for you. The second is a healing for your body. The third is a healing for your affinity in your fourth chakra.

Bend over and touch the floor. Stand up and stretch. If you're ready for more, sit back down and ground some more. Otherwise, have a nice day!

Note that every image you imagine, the gold sun, the grounding cord, the center of the planet, your first chakra, your body parts, is exercising your clairvoyance. You may be imagining what your tailbone looks like, but you're also creating the image of your tailbone and reading its energy. This is practicing your clairvoyant ability. Ong! Clairsentience is my main channel and I didn’t realize how it wasn’t super normal to just have all these sensations all the time. In my opinion it really is dependent on your own relationship with spirit and your body. When this happens take a few breaths and turn inwards and feel the feeling and just allow the feeling to be without trying to understand it yet or explain it yet. Just for a a few seconds or however long u need to be calm and present in the moment with it. Notice what this feeling is- pain - hurt - grief - deep , shallow, loud, soft, happy sparkly tingling vibrations warm cold hot harsh calm smooth rough etc etc etc. then notice where in ur body this is happening. Our chakras hold different energetic experiences, so if ur feeling like a sword is going through ur stomach we can see that a violation has occurred in the solar plexus or the sacral. Understand what each chakra holds which information. Then just ask that sensation what it means. I’m always saying ask why and then ask why again and then again after each answer  keep asking. Ur body will tel you. You’re abilities and reception is using feeling as a conduit to communicate to you. Communication is often a two way street meaning we can ask questions too and we can direct answers as well. This will help u better understand your personal
Sensations and what they mean. Like you’ll start to understand that for you light tingling means it’s beautiful or it aligns and a hot feeling means it’s rejecting something etc or whatever actual language your body is using. You could even direct your body too! You could ask that your hands start to warm up if you’re correct or get cold if you’re wrong about something. Just hang out with ur vibrant magickal self and it will just prevent itself to u All I can really offer is how the energy feels... most times it's a subtle tingling sensation (sometimes it feels like it's in my bones.) Sometimes it's sharp and prickly.

Though a jabbing/stabbing sensation is concerning to me because assuming there's no underlying health problems causing it, I interpret it to an spiritual entity trying to latch on (it happened to me once and it hurt when it happened, it also caused a spasm in my back where it latched on, though the pain was very short-lived.) Idk ever since I started meditation I have tingling all over sometimes painful. Whatever, I think everyone is different. I have gotten tingling in my ears when I am supposed to listen to someone.  Tingling in my head when I have certain downloads/realizations similar to the feeling of when you get goosebumps listening to music.  Tiny little sharp pains when I am feeling “backstabbed” by someone’s energy. Eyes feeling sort of cold when I have realizations or “see” something.

I’d suggest keeping a running notes file on your phone and looking for patterns.

Eg- whatever you were thinking about, the sensation and where you felt it. It honestly just sounds like chronic pain, everyone feels pain in their body as they get older. But you might also be feeling other peoples pain. Now that you mention it I might have experienced something similar. 

I've always physically felt emotions, like anger feels like waves, low and kinda burns. Happiness is warm and fuzzy. But I can empathize with people's physical pain and sometimes do it unconsciously. I've had unexplainable pains/shifts happen and disappear as I'm talking or real close to people.

However, never rule out chronic pain as it can be a sign of something in your own body. I would just practice awareness, and ask questions about the sensations when they happen. "Why might I be feeling this? Is there someone around who could be causing this? Etc" You kind of sound like a medical intuitive. Some of us physically feel what the client is going through medically, others just know. If this is the case, grounding, clearing and cleansing your energy body can make a world of difference and great improvement. the only thing I've noticed lately that could be related to your question and I myself have searched to see what it means and can't really find an answer is..I have gotten like a dizzy light headed feeling while doing tarot and not all the time. The other thing lately is my left arm gets tingles and like the hairs on my arm stand on end. I never really had that before until recently. And I feel like it's when spirit is around or something. Anyone else ? You won’t really _know_ what it means without claircognizance. (It doesn’t mean you _don’t_ have it; if you get inexplicable _knowing_, you probably also have claircognizance as well).

You can, however, practice being aware and discerning of the various sensations, as well as practices that senses the energy that generates those sensations, and a shamanic exercise that personifies those sensations in a way where you can (temporarily) interact with it as if it were a person. (With the understanding that there is no absolute truth whether it really is a person or not) You might just be being oversensitive to physical things. Your body and cells are always feeling things. Sometimes they itch other times it's actual pain. Most often the mind ignores them. You might just be paying an overabundance of attention to these sensations. 

Especially if you don't meditate. Ain't no clair nothing if you don't sit. Just an over abundance of physical attention. While I experience all the clairs in varying degrees, clairsentience is definitely my dominant clair. What has helped me the most in learning to understand the messages I get is journaling. I write down what I feel and what happens that might be connected to it. This helps me keep track of details so I don't forget, and helps me see connections between things I may not otherwise have connected. Over time, I have seen some patterns emerge between certain sensations and certain events. Meditation has also been helpful in terms of learning how energy feels in my body and learning to tell my own normal energy vs. something that is coming from outside myself, so you may want to keep working with that, It definitely takes more than a few times to get any benefit out of it. They do, but what they mean, you have to discover by yourself, because your body is trying to let you know things, but each body has different ways to communicate with the spirit. My recommendation, as it is what has worked so far for me: become mindful of your inner being, observe your feelings, emotions, sensations and thoughts, and notice when they happen simultaneously, as it is a hint on what they may be trying to tell you. There are some archetypal ways of relating parts of the body to symbology and esoteric concepts, those work sometimes too, but exploring your own ways to communicating with your body is the best way to be able to understand what it tries to tell you. They don't for me. 


Except in the instance of telepathic communication. I feel a burning on my skull whenever someone "calls" me. And the location of the burning sensation does vary depending on who is communicating. Sometimes the sensations I get are literal and specific, sometimes they correspond to the chakras mine is a hot feeling on different parts of my legs sometimes near the ankle for a few seconds, started happening just last month and idk what it means or what to do with it [removed] Hi. Am looking to practice tarot readings on people as a beginner. To gain experienceand test my accuracy. PM me if interested. If I dont respond then I got too many msgs or its out of my time zone. Thanks ♡. Hi. I'm interested in doing a few short practice readings for free. I don't have time to do a ton, so I'll do this for the first 5 commenters. I do appreciate any feedback you can offer. Edit: Closed. Have a beautiful weekend everyone. Grounding and chakra work, also ask your spirit guides to block the connection. Lastly your own higher self can. Treat them as an intrusive thought and they'll lose all power. There is no entity that has more power in your own mind unless you're comprised by drugs or health conditions. How can you tell when it’s them talking too much and not just your imagination? I’m asking because I experience telepathy to a high degree as well myself and I’d like to know how to make this discernment. Idk about "chosen ones" exactly, but it depends of it's one of your active abilities, if it's not, you can still try, but it would be more challenging. 

This is an exciting time for humanity tho, and there are lots of people who will have crazy powers/abilities. There are already people that uses telekinesis/teleportation and so on, just because they don't flash it around doesn't mean they don't exist. They have to be wary, it isn't good to attract attention.

You have to completely set your mind to it, believe it, relearn it. You have to unlearn certain programming, do lots of meditations/visualizations and so on. [deleted] People don't start off good at science, they cultivate their scientific mind over years. Nobody starts off in life good at computers, they learn how to use them and cultivate that skill. We are all the same animal more or less. We have basically the same hardware starting out in life, it's just a matter of where you  decide to focus your attention. There are of course going to be outliers with natural talent but generally speaking I think tk can be cultivated. To me tk is easier than other "psi" stuff like remote viewing but I only say that because I just realized I could do tk last week and have no remote viewing experience. I believe anyone who is willing and committed can learn either skill. It’s a muscle but some people are more gifted because they’ve practiced it for centuries. I don’t know what muscle it is I think it’s near the back of the brain No, it’s not for “chosen ones”. It’s just like any other muscle in the sense that you have to put in a lot of effort -A LOT- before you go from slightly shaking an object to moving it slowly across the table to levitating it. It’s a function of intention and endurance of focus, and certainty but I can’t figure out how certainty matters, yet. Intention refers to the amount of energy you put out. Energy is the potential to do work, and the work the mind is able to do on matter expresses energy in the form of intention. The variables involved in one’s intention is the degree of focus and certainty, but I don’t yet understand what the exact action of the mind is that is required to  do telekinesis. I can tell intention, focus and certainty are important. 

It is not magic, so technically anyone can do it. However, summoning the energy and not becoming discouraged by the so-called impossibility is a huge psychological achievement. from a personal first hand experience, no. ain't no such thing as " chosen " ones. waste enough time and dedicate to spiritual practices, you'll be onto something. This is super common, it’s a form of precognition. Some days it’s psychic abilities, personally I believe everyone has it to some degree and it’s just more prominent in some people, kinda like gut feelings That’s crazy, did you ever think that the first person who commented on this thread would win the lotto? First, do not be scared of your powers. You have a gift. Also, do not think you are causing bad things to happen, you aren't. You are just seeing them before they happen.

Time does not work at all the way we are taught in school. Time is not a straight line, time is an infinite spiral that is constantly moving and shifting. Everyone has the ability to see things before they happen, that's why the term "déjà vu" exists. But for most people, it only happens once in awhile and is not an actual power they need to learn how to use and control so that it doesn't get in the way or overpower them.

With your gift, you will need to learn how your powers work, they will change as you get older and you will keep learning new things about yourself and your abilities. You will need to learn to control your powers so that it doesn't make you feel upset or panicked. 

Please start meditating. This is very important. I used to have the scariest panic attacks and they went away when I started meditating. Meditation will help you better understand your powers and be able to read signs and warnings easily. You will also be able to avoid feeling scared or overwhelmed by your visions. 

You should also carry a protective amulet with you at all times to help protect you when you are feeling overwhelmed and also keep away any negative energy, harmful spirits, energy vampires, etc. that love to mess with people who have psychic abilities and are doing spiritual work. With being psychic/on a spiritual path, comes psychic attacks, not just from other humans but various entities as well. Protection is key. A protective amulet can come in many forms and depends on your spiritual beliefs, culture, and personal preference. If you feel calm and protected when you handle this amulet, then it is the right one for you. Do not use something just because you think that's what you should use but you don't connect to it. You must connect to it and feel protected when you handle it.

I also recommend keeping a journal of all the messages you are receiving and what ended up happening in the material world after you received the messages. Write down as much detail as you can. Psychic visions are its own language and right now you need to learn how to interpret that language so that it can help you and not overwhelm you. The language will change a lot, but you will learn to understand the changes and shifts better with time and practice.

Your powers will be very useful, especially when trying to protect you and those close to you, which is the main benefit of having that ability. The one question that will really turn in your skill is wondering if you say something is it going to change the outcome?

Or the ole, am I creating this by thinking it twister?  The power of thoughts, reality creation. 

Then there is the I previewed my life before incarnating thought that creeps in.  Or the, did I dream this?  Or is this a dream?

Try to be gentle with yourself and don't panic.  Keep your thoughts focused on what you want to experience in your life.  That's usually the best advice in most situations. Synchronicity :)

you're on the right track; follow your heart :) Don't be afraid, it is just a part of who you are. Claim your power, but be responsible with it. There's lots of us who are the same, or similar. 

I recommend putting time aside each day to meditate. Draw healthy boundaries for yourself in both the physical and spiritual worlds. You're extra sensitive to both high and low vibes, so bouncing/neutralizing those low vibes is essential to your peace and happiness. There's lots of info out there.

Of course -- It's your choice whether you want to pursue the gifts or not. I used to see spirits as a kid. I blocked it. Then I used to get lots of precognition and synchronicity in my teens and early twenties. I blocked it. And now, I am back on the path again!

It can be put off... but to be honest, I don't think it's very healthy. I personally have not had a good time of it. I wish I had accepted myself sooner. But oh well -- live and learn, right?

Good luck to you friend - safe and happy travels on your spiritual journey. Take things slow, think positive+ and follow your passions. Everything will be revealed. Breathe and ground yourself. Are you learning any mysticism or spiritual information lately? Yeah this happens to me all the time Yes, you are going through a precognition awakening and there’s no need to be scared. It’s really not that unusual. This is your foray into your awakening so take the time to learn about it and more about yourself as you experience all of these events. It can be a bit overwhelming and intimidating so just be patient with yourself. There are a lot of ways for you to learn how to hone these skills and one is through meditation. Just know that you’ll be okay.
Best to you on your journey!🥰 Sounds like you have been gifted with precognition Happens to me often, it just means you are in tune with the universe :) I think all of those are common. Don't know your age, but through your life youll be more and less connected, so just enjoy. It will come and go Think about this friendly internet stranger having a positive turn of events please! I think you're getting these as a warning so that you can do something about the more serious and deadly ones, like praying for those people or doing spell work or some kind of protective something to prevent the accidents and deaths from happening It's one of two things - precognition or confirmation bias. Impossible for anyone else to tell you which, sadly. Unfortunately confirmation bias is a really big thing when people assume psychic phenomena are at play. For example 'I knew who was calling before I picked up the phone!' is super commonplace - but people are more likely to remember who they thought was calling if it proved true. Not saying the real deal can't happen, just that it's easy to think more is going on than there actually is.

Going forward, test it. If these thoughts were strong enough for you to have noticed them and remembered them, write down any thought that feels the same with a time and date, or mention it to a friend or family member (one that would be OK with weirdness!). Then write down if or when it happens IRL, and how close to the thought the event was, accuracy-wise. From your description, the events were similar or thematically related more often than they were exact, so it would be interesting to see how close things get. I think you’re experiencing synchronicity. 

https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Synchronicity

I personally don’t believe that people can tell the future, but instead you subconsciously observe clues that your brain subconsciously puts together and the only way to subconsciously communicate to you that something is going to happen is to have a song pop into your head. This is the way life is supposed to be. You’re on the right track, just pay attention to your thoughts and only let positive ones in No need to freak out, love! This is honestly a natural part of being human. Just take the information as it comes. With time and experience you will learn how to respond to the info that comes to you. I’m still learning as well. Frankly I have had this type of things happening before. Unfortunately we cant necessarily stop whats meant to happen. With these things you really must not worry unless they are bad such as the last one.

They happen to me every once in awhile but definitely more then whats considered ‘normal’- if you want to call it normal. Only worry when something feels BAD. You will normally get a deep-empty-hollow feeling within your gut. Its almost as if your stomach feels its being sucked into itself and as if you can FEEL the color black in your stomach. This is all for negative associations. 

Be safe- Blessings be. Best advice I can give you is work on the “freaking out” part. You don’t want that to escalate. In the moment, in the present, relax. “The Universe” is unfolding for you. You will learn more. Don’t be in a big hurry. Self care is very important. All the things: good food, plenty of rest, getting in touch with nature, relaxation. Asking your angels/spirits/guides (or whatever resonates with you) to help, guide and protect you is also a suggestion. It works for me.

Edit: meditation is worth exploring. It took me heaps of practice. There is no ONE way to do it. If you suck at it when you start, that’s totally cool. It’s like learning to ride a bike. Or a horse.

The “freaking out” part escalated for me and I ended up as an involuntary patient for a month, discharged with a hard core dx. That’s cool. It was a trip, I learned a lot, but it could have been avoided. The more you listen, the more you’ll hear. It’s a useful voice but try not to feel frightened or be disrespectful of your gift. Be honourable and kind and this gift will help you through your life. This is not as interesting but I had a similar experience recently. I was driving and listening to a song and I zoned out and started hearing Yesterday by the Beatles. After maybe ten seconds the car skipped the song playing in the middle (which never happens though I have a finicky radio) and plays Yesterday by The Beatles. Freaked me out a bit but moreso made me excited. I still don’t have a clue what to make of it now think that your powers will transfer to me and let's see it will happen or not😂 It happens to me frequently,  almost daily. These are all really strong vibrational shifts as well. You're glimpsing timelines bud. That's how it is. 5d earth and all that Kundalini syndrome. Check out the kundalini subreddit of Tara Springett on YouTube. You’re not alone. Stay rational. Equanimity is key here Omg weird same things with me. I’m still wondering wtf is it. I don’t know how I feel about knowing shit in advance .. I do the same thing i looked into it its known as the law of manifestation also known as working in the 5th dementin thinking law of attraction look into all the u will see It might just be manifestation. Dk Their are no accidents in the universe, the illusion of choice is just an illusion, you are just like water traveling down the river, u have no option but to flow even if u think u are still, you arnt. I lived with a very powerful medium.  She spoke directly to spirits while seeing them with her peripheral vision since she was 3 years old.  

A woman told her about her dream of having an accident in her car at a certain intersection.  She told her to stop going that route.  She did just that.  The accident still happened there with the same type of car the woman saw hitting hers.  

So, the accident still occured, but with a different person instead of her. 

So, ya, I totally get it. Dude! Be careful with your powers. You already made your teacher sick. Better learn how to control it fast before you hurt people! Actually I think I might have just been what’s called hyper focused Sounds like precognition, similar things have happened to me. Or it could have been a guide directly you to do that so you wouldn't get hurt. I have this. I can drop something that I'm holding and then catch it while it's falling down. It happens a lot Are you highly empathic? People do this to me as well. They say things like: I've never told *anyone* this, you're so easy to talk to, I don't know why I'm telling you this, etc.


Even strangers on the street will start talking to me and end up crying about how their Dad died last November or something.


For a long time I imagined that I had a flashing neon sign above me that said: tell me you deepest secrets and painful stories. Some people are just like that to be honest. They don't feel comfortable talking about these things to people in their lives so they spill to strangers. Maybe you're a great listener! Or you have good energy and people trust you What is your rising sign? Do any planets make aspects to it? I’ve definitely had a lot of moments like that lately. I did some research and a lot do shamanistic and spiritual people call it “divine flow”.  Being psychic is taking in more information about your surroundings then other people. Some people are born with the gifts but never become curious about how it relates to all of the universe or other ways to push the boundaries of reality. Other people have a spiritual awakening and then suddenly realize that they have had abilities all along but they were suppressing them.  This was me. The thing about a spiritual awaking is that there if you keep your mind open all of it is now open to you - manipulating energy, mediumship, precognition, remote viewing, manifestation, telepathy, etc. The key to all of this is meditation. When I started to piece it all together how the paranormal is all connected via consciousness I realized that there have been many times where my husband and I would get to a hotel room and it would just feel “all wrong” and I would make him get us new rooms. There was one time in Flagstaff that we couldn’t get a new room so I went out and slept in the car it was that uncomfortable. When I mentioned this to someone on one of the psychic subreddits they recommended a book to me that is and was a game changer Managing Psychic Abilities: A Real World Guide for the Highly Sensitive Person by Mary Mueller Shutan. This isn’t a book for wanna be psychics. This is a book for people with abilities that need guidance for managing them and growing them. She teaches “spiritual hygiene” and discernment. I can’t recommend this book enough. Yes, synchronization is a strong indicator that you are aligning on your life path. Once it starts happening it will continue to happen and you will be able to use it to fuel your growth. In doing so you will likely see an increase in psychic abilities. I only recently developed psychic abilities due to healing work. Heal yourself and you will be able to connect into universal energy which is how most with extra sensory abilities are able to do it. I feel that way sometimes. I've always considered myself to be hyperaware of my surroundings and somewhat of an empath, but I've never really had any aha moments. I'm also close to synchronicity with time. Sometimes I ask my guides and family members to send me specific numbers when they want to communicate. Wooooot!!!!!! So cool and fun for you! Your life is about to get weirder and weirder! Lol. Synchronicities are really common in like big drives when u first start to open up and become aware of your relationship with spirit( or whichever way you want to call it). Meditate and definitely keep an intuition journal and record these experiences. This in itself is huge and will help a lot. The whole aspect of accepting and validation of these experiences is what is important. I’ve heard it called the pyschic child before, and by validating that you’re in fact listening to your inner psychic child , such as recording these things and stuff you are  strengthening her voice and then it starts to get louder and louder and the universe is like yay! Someone’s in the other line I’m gonna keep talking! One fun thing to do is to practice manifesting something small. My favorite and most intense experience with this was with peacocks. So like just make the intention to see peacocks and believe it’s gonna happen. Don’t try and plan to see them or get discouraged if you think it’s been too long and you haven’t seen them yet, just accept that peacocks are gonna show up for you and get excited. Like u can’t wait. The universe is creative so it will probably come kn an unexpected way which is so much fun. It took me like two days maybe and then I was invited over a friend of a friends house after hours from a bar and her entire basement was filled with like a hundred different peacock images and statues and stuff. It was so cool! It was only when I stopped like aggressively looking for them but didn’t diminish that it would happen that bam! It showed up and showed up big! Lol. There’s a lot of fun ways you can exercise them. Memory and focus games are good too because these abilities do require a certain amount of focus and memory so just doing that alone will help. Also you can write a number down at the beg of ur day and see if it shows up a lot
For u. Or ask
Spirit to show u repeat numbers to communicate with you. Have fun!!!! The actions does not unbalance the centres, it is the thought processes behind the behavior that unbalance them. The unbalance is caused by the astral entity that are attached to the physical body rather than the physical body and outer actions, causing the unbalance. I feel like I only lose energy while masturbating if I watch pornography while I’m doing it. Being present and using my imagination instead seems to be more enjoyable. But I really try to only do it when I have the urge- not just compulsively like I used to. It seems to regulate my sexual energy if I only do it when I actually feel the need. Sometimes ya gotta release No. Porn addiction might. I don’t know about all this unbalance talk. Like where are you becoming unbalanced from? They’re energy centers and channels; I much prefer to talk about it in terms of blockage, flow and distortion. 

That being said, masturbation can actually be used to channel sexual energy throughout your whole chakra system. It’s amazing and if you’ve not tried it, I strongly suggest you do. Through this process, it can actually be used as an energy clarifier and enhancer. It can be intentionally used to unblock blockages. 

That being said, it isn’t always used this way and that can cause a lot of distortion and with enough of a rigid practice, can create blockages. I like to think of thoughts and intention like waves in a pool. When new thoughts come through, they create a ripple effect of other thoughts and feelings. Masturbating is highly energetic and can amplify these ripples. So a focus on something you view as shameful could cause a lot of big shameful ripples that can interfere and block and direct your thoughts, energy and action in the future. A focus on something beautiful and sensual and connecting and wholesome could have entirely different results. Who’s to say if it’s balanced or not, but it is intentionally choosing where your energy is directed and the affect it has on you. Not the action of it, is the thought about that, which is a red flag about our sexuality.

That person should have a trauma related or programmed into religions (another red flag) which causes at the same time some trauma For a man i think after release the first chakra is stressed out unbalanced for a week, because it takes a lot of energy to create semen Regular and unnecessary masturbation could. Masturbate only when necessary. Don't make it a habit or get addicted to it. Also, practise no fap once in a while atleast which will increase your self-control and also enhance your spiritual powers. ELL O ELL i think so. Yes it can unbalanced the chakra. Especially it cause Agya Chakra (The Third Eye) and root chakra(mooldhara chakra) deactivation. No but it increases dopamine No it’s good for that chakra From my understanding, semen is the most potant form of life force energy. It literally creates life. Im not too sure about chakras but it can drain you of chi There was an idiot who used to tell me mastrubation causes loss of spiritual power means ability to connect with divine. 🤦 yes. most definitely. you're abusing your sacral chakra, making it unbalanced. this will throw off your overall chakra energy since they will send energy to that chakra to heal it, but in return they'll have less energy. cut off all websites/thoughts that invoke lust. it is harmful. No if its in healthy ammount.

But overall if you are guy and you are ejaculating then you are losing a loooooot of energy. YES. In multiple ways. Sheilding helps a lot You can put salt around your doors, windows any openings. 
You can put up a huge wall of white light with the help of guardians or angels in order to block. 
You can reflect any energy or dissolve it in a field. What does it mean, someone getting reads? Visualize yourself in a protective light or warmth and ask your guides and other spiritual resources to protect you. You can say it out loud and/or pray if that is your thing. 

I listen to cleansing/protective meditation vibes. One time I put something to ward off dark energy and that night I dreamed of being choked by an evil spirit... I have no idea what this means but I'm keeping my positive energy. You planned it in between lives probably and that's why you had a feeling of it happening This sounds more psychological to me than metaphysical.  To me, it sounds like because you have an abuse background that you're always looking for that sense of home and belonging, which you didn't have.  People associate strong senses of loss with certain things.  You may want to look at the notion of["trauma bonding"](https://www.domesticshelters.org/articles/ending-domestic-violence/what-is-trauma-bonding?gclid=EAIaIQobChMImvucl6zW-AIVHfbjBx1ifwBeEAAYAyAAEgLCnfD_BwE).  That's more of what it sounds like may be going on. I know exactly what you mean! When I was growing up we moved around a lot, now that I'm an adult myself I've also moved a fair deal myself. I still feel connection with all the places I've lived, though some more than others. I still frequently dream about these old houses, and when I read books they're what I imagine the characters living in, and so on.

Recently one of the houses I feel most connected to went up for sale. I only lived there for about three years, when I was 10-13, but I guess those are pretty formative years. I haven't been there in about 18 years, but I want to see it so bad and I'm debating asking for a tour even though in reality I am in no position to buy it. I really wish I had the money to buy it, though.

I don't know if there's anything metaphysical about these emotions, but I do totally get what you mean about that insanely strong connection to a place. Hmm. What came to me is that you can pursue something like becoming a mentor, or a life coach. Have you ever considered that? 

Then people would come to talk to you. I had a great mentor that taught me so much. He was wise, open centered, and very spiritual.  Anyway, you sound like you'd be good at it The twin flame concept is only used to term what is an extremely spiritually catalytic relationship. This sounds a lot like my experience I had the kundalini awakening and then TF recognition shortly thereafter. The "telepathy" can be pretty upsetting I agree but the point is in spirituality that all things r within. While it's possible that she is sending u messages through astral or ether, it is fact that you are reacting to them in a certain way. (She may not be even doing it on purpose, it's possible, but it's also just as likely that she's receiving messages and projection from you too.) The point is to use all the pain, negative feelings that come up to identify triggers, transmute that and ultimately grow through it. 

In my journey, this is the only way to change the TF dynamic and shift out of the chaos. It is not easy but extremely rewarding. Like TFGemini said, you cannot "cut" the cord. Imagine u two r dogs walking on the same leash fighting for lead yeah it's annoying as fuck. But you are attached. This is the soul contract. The only way to shift is for one of you to move "up," and lead the other. Establish dominance per-se. Energetically of course. There can be no ego in this space it is extremely raw and difficult but this is why the TF journey is a major blessing even when it feels like a straight up demon witch curse. 

My advice- go within. Best of luck to u. I recommend moldavite (it's extremely protective and will assist you on your journey). Everything is energy and look into the law of attraction. Eventually once u both r in the same place then union may become possible IF thats what u want and for many this is a decades long lifetime journey. As spiritual ascension should be I have not found a way to block this type of communication. Most who are skilled in it are polite enough to disengage if you ignore them.


I have however, learned to creatively tell people to leave me alone. If I really don't want to speak with someone, or be observed by them, I SLAP them. I just create with intention, an automatic bitch slap any time they connect to or attempt to observe me. A slap so hard that it's "audible" to me. This also serves as a sort of intrusion detector, lol


Or you can envision her peering at you through a door or window, and slam it shut in her face.


If she persists, try envisioning your internal energy, pushing outward from you, to force her away from you. If she still persists, push her away with the force of like a small blast. Is the telepathy upsetting?

If so, you have every right to block it out.  Try clearing your mind/meditation first.

You can do chord cutting, and it doesn’t have to be painful. 

If she is actually your Tf it’s not so much a chord but rather you are the same soul.  And that’s not something that will change: many TFs do not come into union in a particular life time, or do so briefly. You can support each other energetically without need of a 3d relationship if that is not your desire.

You have free will and can shut off the connection, even if it’s “real”

But there are also false twins, or other hijacking that can occur. 

“ I am a sovereign being, and by the power of the god that I am, I do not consent to receiving messages from this being, entity, group or program” ( that will cover that person, or any other interference that could be on the line sending messages over the connection)

Try energetic chord cutting, there could be something from her heart to your navel (unhealthy) I like to visualize and literally “cut” with my fingers as scissors around my navel, and heart. You can also try cutting literal rope in a ritual. It doesn’t matter how you do it, it’s the intention.

You can call upon your guides, or if you align with the arch angels invoke them by name and visualize a sword made of energetic light.
 (no, they are not Christian in nature- I’d argue they were around long before and are ready to assist) First off, if these voices are telling you to do harmful things to yourself or to others, seek the assistance of a proper doctor.

Second thing, try shielding. I doubt this is a twin-flame thing (though it's difficult to discern if this is a vampiric attack) and if this connection is harmful, a cord-cutting ceremony ought to work.

Reason I don't think this is a twin-flame connection is that this connection is causing you distress and potentially harming you. Your twin-flame wouldn't do that (a decent human being wouldn't do that. Just sayin'.) The Kundalini awakening or as it's known in Buddhism; The Arising and Passing Away, released a ton of pranic energy, makes conscious awareness jump an octave of reality and can lead to powers. Because of the amount of energy you have at your disposal, the ability to manifest trajectories can be so forceful it can feel hard to control, like a powerful magnet that rushes and pulls towards anything shiny it wants or contrasts into fear. This insight stage is immediately followed by the stages of Dissolution, (which is the entrance into the Dark Night of the Soul), followed like clockwork by Fear, Misery, Disgust, Desire for Deliverance, Reobservation, and then Conformity Knowledge which spits out wide and cool and flowing into equanimity. 

The reason for this is because awareness is still in a dualistic pulse phased relationship with reality meaning ego is pulsing between figuring out what sensations in the field of awareness are you, and where is everything and everybody else. The A&P bursts that illusion by showing you unifying vision of reality and oneness but it's only a partial view because you see yourself as the center. This is a peak and profound move toward Enlightenment but for full enlightenment the illusion of a center point begins to be broken up.  So the Dark Night of the Soul are incredibly important insight stages where you acclimate to the sensations of non-duality which at first can feel terrifying and out of control. 

The first thing you should know is you are safe. Because you are not Lumpy-Ad's body or mind. You are awareness and Lumpy-Ad is within you. The Dark Night begins breaking that over identification with Lumpy-Ad. 

It might start with a twin flame and later everyone and everything is that tethered because there is no such thing as anything that is separate from awareness. The key is shutting down the ego mind before that happens so you move through life in perfect fluid zoning and watching thoughts go by. Or where thinking is not automatically felt to be the same as your volition. 

I'd strongly suggest reading Daniel Ingrams free book mctb.org where he goes into great detail about the Kundalini / A&P. 

The strategy is no matter how strange or terrifying these concepts feel you must note the sensations and thoughts aren't permanent (as in they flicker). If you can notice your fearful thought about twin flames flickers like frames of an old movie theater, then it breaks up the pranic energy you are feeding it and you won't tunnel into them. 

lmk what you think about these materials: 

https://www.mctb.org/mctb2/table-of-contents/part-iv-insight/30-the-progress-of-insight/4-the-arising-and-passing-away/

https://www.mctb.org/mctb2/table-of-contents/part-iv-insight/30-the-progress-of-insight/5-dissolution-entrance-to-the-dark-night/ Have you confirmed these conversations with her directly? 

You don't have to believe in TF to enjoy the intimacy provided by your connection to her. Just think of it as being really close to someone and being glad for it. 

What if you can never, ever, have this connection with anyone else for your entire life? What if you will never be this close to someone again? If it was me, I'd make the most of it right now and be glad that I can be so close to someone like that. it really depends om the type of connection, I know a person that I have a telepathic.energetic link with, I am unable to cut the cord with them as we seem to have a contract of some kind, but I was able to negotiate the contract & I have been setting many energetic boundaries in place to keep them out of my energy & space. that meant laying low on social media, & cutting out a lot of mutuals. the situation is annoying & tricky & I just dont have the time or energy to negotiate or communicate with this person spiritually right now. its just to much. you can telepathically tell her to leave u alone, take salt baths, do cord cutting & energetic shielding work. look into crystals for protecting your mental, emotional & energetic space. I am having the exact same experience without kundalini awakening. I mean not the “twin flame” thing, but some entities talk with me with only triggering topics in order to drive my life where who sent them asked them to. The entities can perform any voice and can make up any sound in my head. When the phenomenon started I was also hearing constantly a little whistle in my hears. By reading some books on psychic attack and protection from them I discovered that it’s the typical way we perceive the hole in our energy body created by those beings in order to communicate to us. Another important things is that in order to nail down the force of your energy body, someone (usually the attacker or one of them) will try to let you have emotional traumas or to install in you behaviors that will lower down your personal energy and self confidence. 

I am almost sure that if you look at happenings and the people around you, you’ll find clues about who may have triggered this situation.

Another way to spot who generated the issue is to think who will earn or is earning something desirable from your condition. Another way to tell this thing is where the money goes or who is taking advantage of you emotionally or in any other way. 

In my case their way was distracting me while they were taking from me all that they could! Be careful and find a trustworthy person who can help you.  

I have to tell you, by my side in 3 years I didn’t find one. People mostly have taken money from me without solving the issue they where asked to. 

I apologize for this negative viewpoint, but this is my experience and if it can help someone I am glad to share it. If what I said doesn’t make any sense for you, again I apologize, but just ignore it. 

Thanks for your sharing 🙏🏻 This doesn't sound like a twin flame to me! It could be SHE feels you are her twin-flame...

You can tell her energy 'no' with love.  Just like, have a heart-to-heart and let her energies know, even if it were true and you are her tf and she yours, you are not ready for that connection with her and she needs to respect your boundaries. Trying to force your submission to her belief through psychic attacks is really un-cool and causing you a lot of issues in your healing.

Something like:

I am so sorry.  Please forgive me.  I love you.  Thank you.

(The purpose of this is that any residual ties to the person drop because you've taken responsibility for your energy and acknowledged it's power by addressing other souls and beings this way, with love and respect-that harbor some type of emotional or other tie to you, we free ourselves and them at the same time). You need to meditate then make your intention clear that whoever or whatever is mentally telepathically communicating with them you want to close the connection off. Set the intent first, then sit and be the observer of the perceiver viewing the perceived. Try to have no thoughts. Doing this will dedicate all your energy to the will you intended and naturally it will work. Have no doubts. You can create anything. Get creative if you’d like visualize some sort of shield and program that shield with a intention of whatever it is you desire for example blocking the specific person from getting thru Can’t block it. I tried. You can ask your guides for help. Mines told me they’ll give me a break but it’s part of the process. You can’t run from your TF. You are one. The universe will constantly remind you. I remote view almost every day. Twin Flame journey is extremely difficult because you are essentially the same soul in two separate bodies. 

The sensations and feelings experienced are individual, intense and require a lot of soul and energy work on oneself.

However, a decent human being should lift you up and encourage you to be your best self. It is possible to have a twin flame connection with a toxic person and that's our choice to decide what we want for ourselves.

You can set boundaries and protective measures. Ask your guides and spiritual resources for help. Could be true. 

But does it sound rational that you are really communicating with a girl that likely barely remembers you from high school? Does it even seem remotely possible that she is putting this much effort into attacking you? It's so far from reality that you must logically see that?

If you don't then that's likely an indication of the issue you are currently facing.

The Djinn will deceive and attack those that are open and susceptible. They will lie and feed off of you, it's the laws of nature, you are easy prey, your vessel is corrupted. Sounds like you encountered a higher being. I've experienced both the "mind tugging" which you describe, as well as *feeling* that something looked at me. 


When you can connect to the metaphysical, sometimes beings wish to check you out. Sometimes they will extend communication and sometimes they simply have a look at you and leave you alone. Sometimes they wish to impart knowledge or information. And sometimes, they're out to mind **** you. 


It can be disconcerting when you first experience this stuff, especially when your only resource is how you feel and instinct. I was the same as you, pushing all of it away from the time I was a teen, by mentally yelling go away, leave me alone. I don't KNOW you! And then I'd crawl right back into my safe cocoon of logic and skepticism, lol


As an adult, I started on a spiritual path and began placing my brain into a meditative state. Reality is nothing like I thought and EVERYTHING is possible with the human mind and brain. It sounds like you did a good job defending and extracting yourself. It seems you may have astral projected. I don't have enough information or knowledge to give you more perspective, but I have read similar accounts and it seems you projected somewhere else. And that's beautiful and very fortunate! If you did Astral project, don't worry, you can't lose yourself and stay there. There is a silver cord that attaches your body to the one that astral projects, and you will always go "back" to yourself no matter how far you go Your ego has to die in order for you to fully open up to the other side.  You merge in a way with the energy flow.  It is like a raindrop landing in a deep body of water. everyone is psychic. some people are born more sensitive than others. just like some people are born with a natural inclination to golf, piano, or singing

you can be afraid if you want. you don’t have to develop any of your abilities. just like you set your boundaries with your aunt that crossed, you can set those boundaries with your self, your abilities, and any other “entities” that you may perceive

it sounds like you would benefit from some self soothing and inner child work around your abilities before deciding what kind of boundaries you would like to set. you always have free will

exploring your abilities is meant to be expansive, empowering and fun

any attempt to explore your abilities with your current perspective clouded by fear may cause more harm than good

think of your abilities like a bottle of champagne

if you shake and agitate the bottle before popping the cork you get sprayed, the walls get sprayed, the ceiling gets sprayed… it’s a mess

if you simply pick it up and open it, you get to enjoy the bubbles

when you get scared just put the bottle down. no one is going to force you to open it It seems to me you already know the answer. You just want someone to give you permission to not believe it. It’s ok to fear what you don’t understand but don’t let it stop you. From what I understand, left ear is internal energy shifts (changes in your internal vibrational state) while right ear is external energy (contact from the other side, etc) Could be spiritual, could be tinnitus, or high blood pressure too. Rule out the medical causes first! I get the same thing and I've assumed it to be the presence of a spiritual entity making itself known to me (for what reason I don't know.)

Perhaps the same is true for you? First, get hearing checked, as tinnitus can indicate hearing damage So I'm not the only one? Left ear too, it's virtually permanent, and started when I had my awakening. Or.. I first noticed it some time after that, I should say.

Closest thing to an explanation that i could find is, spirit is trying to send me messages, only, unfortunately my "antenna" isn't calibrated properly. Maybe just a tinnitus without any psyshic cause. I have it in both. It could just be natural, like mine. 

The hardest part after experiencing some high strangeness is to differentiate normal from paranormal after the experience. The best idea is to think normal 1st. Does anyone ever have the feeling that your ear is opening up? Hard to explain but in some moments, it feels like my ear is trying to listen more. Hopefully it’s spiritual and not tinnitus.  I suffer from Tinnitus and it started as an occasional high pitch noise in the ear and then eventually graduated to all the time For the last week both of my ears have been ringing none stop Tinnitus First rule out tinnitus or anything medical. 

If it's spiritual perhaps spirit is communicating and you just can't hear the message..  yet. 

If you're not practicing meditation already, it's the best way to quiet the ego mind. The more quite your mind the more clear "reception", for lack of a better word, you'll have. It won't happen over night just keep at it. i have something similar happen to me but instead it sounds like its in my brain and if i focus on it i can keep hearing it until some other noise distracts me or i stop focusing i dont know what it is tho It's like listening to the electrical signals of your brain. (in the case where it is not tinnitus) I have experienced it myself. Was reading earlier on Twitter an empath says our vibration frequency has been changing and we will get through this and be better then ever. Ready for ascension Sounds like a toothache, I’d hit up a dentist Rule out medical causes first.

Maybe spiritual. Sometimes one of my ears clogs up and rings for a minute or two and stops.

Other times it feels like my head is under water, it's clogged, I can hear myself and it goes away when I flip my head down. Trying to rule out medical issues first. Left ear ringing is a warning For me it has started when energy beings started listening and talking (against my will) to me. I read a book of a famous occultist of the last century saying that it’s the effect of an hole in the energetic body we all own. Unless legit tinittus. Yes some form of communication is against you or coming from your left side psychically, or both. Legit real. Some will be skeptical but enough anecdotal experience and proof in my life to know now. That you have tinnitus It could be a spirit trying to communicate, I usually get it in my right ear accompanied by physical sensations like chills and cold breeze on my arms. From my understandings the left ear is not a trustworthy contact It likely means your ear is ringing. You have tinnitus. Go see a doctor? 1 and 2: trial and error. 3: the birds were obviously on their way back from the mosque. When you have abilities become apparent it will be obvious. And that bird chorus Islamic prayer. Weird. I have a vague memory of that. As a muslim we believe birds say the prayer.prophet Solomon used to understand bird language I didn’t know people can hear them too there’s a mythical language called the Language of the Birds, only the enlightened can understand (also some ppl in turkey, i think, use it to communicate over distances). 
you know as they come (for 1&2) [removed] Yup happened to me one night after contemplating suicide. I believe it was my higher self just trying to soothe me While I can't give you a direct answer you should know this is an extremely common experience among many many people. Soooo many people report hearing their name called at night or while they have their eyes closed trying to sleep. Good question. I'd like to know the answer as well. This happened to me once very clearly. I was in a dark time in my life and utterly alone and absolutely nonspiritual. It made me perk up like a tiny spark It could have been an astral journey where you were having an interaction with someone and being so close to sleep made it easier for you to perceive and remember.

Also it could have been someone "pinging" you, names can be used to create a connection with someone psychically and are sort of identifying terms. My angel number is also 44, it has guided me many times at risky periods of my life (with big decisions looming) It's possible this was a [hypnagogic hallucination.](https://www.medicalnewstoday.com/articles/321070)

EDIT: I've had visions/hallucinations during that period of time between sleep and wakefulness. I've also experienced no such phenomena since the house-ward was installed (a system of wards to keep out spiritual beings and other energetic interferences.) So perhaps what you're experiencing is legit and some basic protections ought to help resolve this. Though don't discount the possibility that this is just a hallucination. It could be (which means there's nothing to concern yourself about.) I feel like my spirt guide done the same thing this morning when I did not want to wake up this morning but I accomplished so much to achieve my goal in life.. listen to it! What are you wanting to do or think about what your goals are for the day? Or imagine what you we’re supposed to and forgot what you were wanting to do! I done everything I wanted to today and it was because I got up when I did thanks to my spirit guide ❤️ It usually happens with me. I always hear people calling my name but when I ask them, they either refuse or sometimes, they aren’t even around I would also love some answers to this. It doesn't happen to me too frequently, but when it does, it's hard to forget. There was one night when I was still living at my parents' home (either college days or shortly after graduation) and I began to drift off to sleep in my bed. Then, very closely to my ear, as if hovering over me or coming from inside my ear itself, I heard my mom sternly, and clearly, shout my name. I bolted upright and went downstairs to see what she wanted, but mom was sound asleep 🤔

The most recent was here in my apartment. I began dozing off on the couch and heard a man (again sternly and clearly) shout my name. I was alone so talk about alarming. YES. This happened to me recently too. 

It was very late at night when a friend of mine was talking to me about about her past relationship.

I was kinda passively listening and mindlessly doodling at the same time so I think that kind of "relaxed concentration" helped. She also kept saying that I'd be able to guess who the person was if she told me where the person lived; like because she believed in me so much my guess is we had a strong "connection" during that moment too?

When she said the city, I just INSTANTLY knew the answer. Mind you, the topic of her story was a person I'd never even met/talked to before so imagine our surprise when I was able to give her a name - a full name.

Granted we all went to the same university, but how could I have known exactly who if we both mutually know hundreds of other people that went to uni with us too? Also if I didnt know who this person was before, how could I have associated them with the city my friend mentioned? 

When we both started to freak out, she asked me how I knew and I couldnt give her an answer... All I know was that a name just popped in my head and I KNEW it was correct before I even said it. There’s a few different practices, but grounding and sheilding are the gold standard and easiest to do. Grounding usually takes the form of slow, deep breaths, and being observant of the physical world around you, some people call it “being in the moment”. This gives you a much greater control of energy and emotions. There are some variations that use mantras and visualization, but those aren’t always needed. The second one is sheilding. Grousing gets rid of and stabilizes what’s here, sheilding keeps new stuff out. This has the same principal of deep breathing, but is more of a visualization exercise, imagining yourself surrounded by a white light of protection. Imagine all the things about this light and focus on them, what shade of white is it? Is it cool or warm feeling? Where is the light coming from? Perhaps your chest or belly? This really helps center the idea in your mind and manifest this protection for you Try this. Sit in a chair. Close your eyes. Take a deep breath. Feet flat on the floor. Hands separated and resting palms up on each thigh.

Create a grounding cord. This is a line of energy that connects your first chakra to the center of the planet. Your first chakra is a ball of energy about the size of a quarter that sits just in front of the base of your spine. Your grounding cord attaches to the bottom of that ball of energy.

Grounding makes your body feel safe, so you release energy more easily. Gravity pulls whatever you release, even your own energy, down to the center of the planet. No effort on your part. The center of the planet neutralizes the energy and returns it to whoever owns it. No karma for anyone. A virtuous cycle.

Nearly everyone goes to connect to the center of the planet the first time but stops at the soil, often making roots like a tree. This is a method that is taught in some martial arts styles, but it is not the best option for your spiritual development and healing.

So, notice the seat of your chair. Take a deep breath. Notice the distance between the seat and the floor. Now notice the distance between the floor and the soil below. Breathe.

Now notice the distance between the soil and the water table underneath. Notice the distance between the water table and the rocky mantle. Notice the distance between the mantle and the molten core below that. Deep breath.

Notice the distance between the molten core and the center of the planet. That ball of light at the very center of the planet is where you connect your grounding cord. Deep breath.

Say hello to the center of the planet. Do you get a hello back?

Notice the color and texture of your grounding cord. It may look like a line of energy, or look like something physical; a rope, a wire, a pipe, a tree trunk. Adjust it as needed to be in affinity with your body.

Getting this far means you've already released some energy from your aura and body. Now it is time to fill in the space that was created.

Create a gold sun over your head. Have it call back all of your energy from wherever you left it throughout your day and week. Work. School. Online meetings. Video games. Your fantasies about your future. Your regrets about your past. Wherever you've placed your attention. Just watch the energy come back and see if you notice where it came from.

Have the sun burn up and neutralize your energy. Then bring the sun into the top of your head. It will automatically flow into the spaces you created. Create a gauge to measure when you're full. Like a fuel gauge or oil gauge. You'll run better if you aren't a few quarts low on spiritual oil. If the gauge doesn't read "Full", bring in another gold sun.

Open your eyes, bend over and touch the floor, draining any tension from the back of your neck, then stand up, and stretch.

There is a progression with this technique. After grounding for ten minutes a day for a week or two, notice your grounding cord at the very end, while you're standing with your eyes open. Continue to ground with your eyes open and standing, and bring in another gold sun. Each day, increase the amount of time that you ground standing up with your eyes open.

After a week or two practicing this, add walking while grounded. Just notice your grounding cord as you walk. Say hello to the center of the planet while you walk. Bring in a gold sun while you walk.  If you lose your grounding cord, stop walking and recover it. If you have to, sit back down and close your eyes and create a new grounding cord.

After this, you're ready to take your grounding cord with you into your daily life. Shopping. Getting coffee. Wherever you go, you can ground. This, combined with a little amusement about seeing new things on an energy level, will keep you safe and sound.

Now that you're here, at the end of your grounding meditations, create a gold sun over your head. This time, fill it with your highest creative essence, your present time growth vibration, and your affinity for yourself. The first energy is a healing for you. The second is a healing for your body. The third is a healing for your affinity in your fourth chakra.

Bend over and touch the floor. Stand up and stretch. If you're ready for more, sit back down and ground some more. Otherwise, have a nice day!

Note that every image you imagine, the gold sun, the grounding cord, the center of the planet, your first chakra, your body parts, is exercising your clairvoyance. You may be imagining what your tailbone looks like, but you're also creating the image of your tailbone and reading its energy. This is practicing your clairvoyant ability. stop dealing with them? remove them from your life? you do not need spirituality to remove bad vibes from your life, you need a "balls" only how about going to a yoga class? or any class that you would enjoy

when you start practicing these abilities you’ll start attracting others that do or are at least open to the idea

it’s just about meeting new people so meet new people in whatever way it feels right

get to know others, let them get to know you and slowly open up about your practices when you feel comfortable

try not to get attached to anyone as they may very well not be into it and that’s okay!! (not always easy to remember)

what you seek is seeking you and remember that you are the best friend you’ll ever have so be compassionate and kind with yourself! Some shops offer classes or have psychics come in for paid readings. 

Impressive not sure how long it with take for things to get back to normal though. 

A word of advice about these community. Keep your expectations low. Keep your guard up again fraud. There is a lot of it. Especially when money is involved. I normally try to find a foundation or association I have the Edgar cayce foundation near me. My experience with looking at metaphysical shops is that you’re more likely to find covens than an organization. I'm clairaudient. My experience;  I always here Spirit come through using words. Not like a full on conversation, but a few words.

About a year and a half ago I started hearing a very high pitch frequency (not loud, just high pitch). Only in my right ear and only in the early morning hours during my sleep. 
It sounds exactly like ( don't laugh) morse code. It starts around 2:30 - 3:30 AM lasting until I get out of bed. It doesn't keep me from sleeping, but I would like to know why it's happening.

So just to rule out ear or sinus issues I saw my doc who sent me to ear, nose, throat specialist. Doc says all is good & normal except for one change. Apparently my hearing has gotten sharper, My range of hearing has increased greatly outside of what's considered "normal".

I agree. Loud noises, a loud TV, music, power tools, or PA system in a store is the worst. It's pain full to my ears. Unfortunately doc doesn't know why, but knows enough that there is no fix.😕 Apparently this happens to 1 in 50,000 people.

No, I didn't tell him I am clairaudient.  
I hate that I feel I have to hide that part of who I am bc these abilities THAT WE ARE ALL BORN WITH are still not accepted/acknowledged as main stream in society.
But with more & more folks awakening, hopefully in my lifetime, it will be perceived as NORMAL.🙏 When I began my discovery, I Conducted tests with myself and my spirit guides. For Example: ________(higher power/God/etc)  Can you turn it up-just a tad bit more so I can distinguish better? Also, pay attention to what’s going on when your ears start ringing and have a note pad to see if you spot any patterns. Also, don’t be afraid to set boundaries with your gift. “I’m not accepting anymore messages, it’s quiet time, STFU.” 

SN Story: At my old house,this spirit would try to get me to hear her side of the story. Her energy was kind of like Eeyore (sad,pessimist,depressed) and she would come in… WHILE IM DOING THE DISHES 😡I said 🗣B**** don’t come in here with that. No, I can’t help you right now. Just because I’m in the kitchen doesn’t mean you get to rant like that.” 

Hope this helps a bit 😌🖤 It sounds familiar. I guess you need to meditate more to develop it. I had similar meeting but with ben drowned\[related to creepypasta called: BEN DROWNED\] only once,retracted from talking with a thing mentioning ben drowned ever since that event. Also learned that provoking this stuff might not end well. Sleep paralysis is a weird thing. I have experienced it twice and both times were different but equally terrifying. All that to say that it’s not uncommon. I do sympathize though because as it happens you are as if in a movie just watching helplessly. Our brains do not enjoy having rem sleep disturbed and may have caused this episode you’ve experienced. Angel number are signified based on the number. 4:44 is a number that signifies that your guardian angel is with you and is watching over you. This can also be seen as a sign of protection, so if you see this number, know that you are protected. it could be a sign that you need to call on your guardian angel and others for help. So it may mean your guardian angels are listening and are ready to help in anyway, listen to your intuition cause it also may be that a big is coming your way and your angels are with you every step to support and guide you Sounds like a raising of vibration by letting go of negative things When I first started doing energy practices like this, I was shocked too how I could feel the vibrations!! It was so real!!! And I thought to myself… how did I live 40 something years of my life and not know that energy healing could be so effective and beneficial!! I’m hooked on it!!!! It really is amazing!!! I’m glad you felt it ❤️ Love is the strongest energy in the universe, and next to that is gratitude and forgiveness so you were calling in a very powerful vibrational force into your system. Not unusual at all that you felt that energy. Not every can feel energy like that so enjoy that experience and learn ways how to work with light energy for healing the self and maybe eventually working with others.🤗🥰 Thats just how muscle works Lovely name btw. You have a sense of 'that was me,' and 'that explains me' You don't. You can't. Through hypnosis. What you see in your dreams is no actual you. Most often you are only witnessing a reality. One of millions. They can relate to actual reality but usually thy do not. You see many things in dreams, more you don't remember. Instinct practice divination such as geomancy, i ching, or tarot cards daily to sharpen the skill. then simply journal your experience of psychic prediction in as much detail as you can. as for intent, work on your willpower & restraint from externals. It has been my experience over the last 15 years dealing with precognition that it is a gift that you do not control.  You have to take it as it comes to you.  The only times that I speak up about what I see ahead of time are the events that could harm people.  Unless lives are at stake, it has been my experience that it is best to keep quiet. It's very much possible to learn control of your abilities since you're clearly exhibiting psychic abilities, make it easier to understand in a way you can, study the energies providing insights for predictions and rule out possible scenarios. Either way mentoring and proper research of your abilities is most efficient, since you'll get insights from an experienced diviner who's been in your position You kinda don’t, it comes when it wants, but being grounded and introspection helps you sue that info better I’ve definitely experienced this, both at home and work. The only common thing is that it’s always a female voice. Same thing happens to me. Usually before bed or during meditation. Could be beings in the astrals trying to get attention. Have you heard other things besides your name? I have, don’t have an explanation tho I am actually reading a book that provided an interpretation of this experience. It said when you hear your name being called but you look around and no one is trying to get your attention, it could be that someone is thinking of you or thinking of contacting you. I also agree with one of the other replies, it could be an astral trying to get your attention. Welcome to the wonderful world of having psychic gifts. They're not as cool as people think most times. I get chest pain and am unable to breathe when I get these kind of messages.

Seriously though, if you're interested you can start looking into it and see where it leads you 😊 I'll tell you a story about a day where I was so very frustrated that my emotions spilled into other negative energies. I design and develop software, and in my profession, devs can go from being immensely confident to having a crisis of confidence in a single project. Frustration becomes impatience, which turns into anger and questioning of one's career (short lived [Memes about it](https://www.reddit.com/r/ProgrammerHumor/comments/qe0q5o/i_am_not_a_bipolar_but_a_developer/) ). 

One day the frustration was particularly bad and I was struggling with concentration. It got to me and my wife walks in, sits on my lap. I feal a 'bubble of negative energy' in my stomach and it starts to ease (I physically feel this energy start to 'pop' towards my wife). I stop it because I feel it going into my wife. She looks at me and says 'Its ok, just let it go.'. I let it go and she instantly bursts into tears crying. 

From my experience, it seems you can physically feel someone's emotions, more than our physical laws suggest. The question is can you experience this with random people instead of your life-partner and with less intensity? You are now becoming awake! Congratulations the world is not at all what you thought it was - it’s a million times more weird and wonderful the n you ever imagined. 

Precognition is one of the things that registered in me first. I had dreams that absolutely came true and I didn’t know how to tell anyone about it.  I also realized I could sense then energy was “all wrong” - so many times we would travel to hotels and I would make my husband change rooms because the room just felt “bad or wrong”. I never let myself really think why! Along the way posting here I found some great help. First - this book is a game changer - Managing Psychic Abilities: A Real World Guide for the Highly Sensitive Person by Mary Mueller Shutan. This isn’t for wanna be psychics - this book is for people who are either just realizing they have ability or know it and want to be able to manage it in their lives. It teaches about psychic cleansing and protection things that are essential now that your are aware that you have some ability. Also once you are aware all bets are off - it has become a spiritual awakening. This means that you shouldn’t pigeonhole yourself as just psychic abilities. Guess what else is real? Magick, Remote Viewing, Mediumship, Manifesting (Law of Attraction), telepathy, energy work, divination, tarot, life after death - it’s all on the table now. You should learn just how far you can go with all of this and keep yourself protected. Each of these has a subreddit with fantastic people that will help you along the path. 

Secondly there is a subreddit called /r/precognition which is very specific to - you guessed it - precognition.  It’s very satisfying to see the the science and other available resources on this topic as well as being able to grow this ability and meet other people with similar stories. Definitely join in on the fun! I want to thank everyone for your encouraging words and advice! I’ve been super confused about this whole thing since last night and have even talked to my mom about it. I feel like i’m ready to explore this world. Thank you everyone so much. [removed] I would not call this an existential crisis. I think you have realized that there's much more to your existence than the body you inhabit. Well done! Wow! Interesting how the stars align sometimes, right? Precognition saved my life in so many ways. I had my first precognitive dream at 21 and also went thru an existential crisis a bit. But I wouldn’t change it for the whole world. The universe is so much more fascinating to me and I wish people only knew the fraction of what they’re really capable of. I have been having reoccurring dreams since I was a child. I can usually tell now at 29 which are authentic and which are coming from a place of ego. Recently I have been magnetically drawn to certain people that I had dreamt about years ago but not met in real life YET. All met in very random, and very specific turn of event type situations that took a lot to get to in the first place (like a last minute emergency work trip to SF on Memorial Day and meeting in a hotel bar that wasn’t serving food, and randomly being approached and talked to for hours when normally people do not approach you?). I’m almost tripped out by it and I’m not sure if it’s because I am being drawn to certain vibrations that are at my same energetic level or if something else is happening but it would sure be nice if we could tell when or if something was worth putting energy into 🤣  i definitely exercise alot of caution when deciphering my dreams and sometimes that means that I will have had the same dream for years before the premonition occurs. Usually they are very close to the event that occurred in real time as well, but I don’t put that together until analyzing afterwards typically. I now keep a dream journal. Highly recommend. i've had dreams come true before, or dreams that didn't make a lot of sense that do weeks/months/years later. I recently had one where my partners deceased father (he died in December, we started talking in April) came to me in a dream and introduced himself. At the time, I didn't know who it was. My partner then told me later on his dad died in December. I looked up the obit, and it was the man from my dream.

i didn't tell my partner about this, as i didn't want to freak them out.

i've also had dreams where dead relatives visit me and we hang out in the dream. i had one not long ago of my cat that passed away, and he let me pet him.

minds are funnt things! Yes, I've had an experience a lot like that, though it wasn't in a dream, it was in a vision I had in a trance.

It kinda makes me uncomfortable to talk about though because it involves someone's last moments. I learned later a few years afterwards that the important details I saw were accurate.

What I can suggest is to relax and do some grounding exercises. I can't give you any pointers on how to control this because I haven't fully learned how to control it myself. Stop thinking about them. You're probably in a mild depressive state. I was like that for 8 months after letting go of my narc. Stop pining over those past few good memories you had together. That's connecting you to their energy. Emotional energy like love transcends space and time, so you dont even have to be in the same place or time to connect with someone energetically if you love them. You have to let yourself be sad and grieve their loss. Like that person died. Trust me. Those type of people do not change. Toxic people are toxic because they were brought up that way. That person isnt going to change just for you. Being a narcissist is their natural state. They've probably been that way since early childhood or adolescence. 

Find something to do. Take some classes, find a new side job. Find something that will take up your time and make you focus on other things. that way your mind and heart doesn't always go back to the past. Light exercise does wonders for depression. And cold showers. The cold will make your body release norepinephrine which will counteract the depression. Exercise helps produce dopamine which should help you feel okay for a few hours.

Hope you get better. Love yourself the most. In a year you'll be appalled at what you let yourself go through by being with this person, and you'll be someone that will know and attract better. have def dealt with some narcs & it seems they have strong energetic cords I have had them interfere in my dreams before. lots of showers & epsom salt baths, yes cord cutting also Try and be friends with them, dont fight them anymore, youre not doing too well with your current approach so change your approach, reach out and validate them, make them feel like they dont want to hurt you anymore. Be there friend. when u start seeing more clearly, u may feel anger or resentment, I have experienced that recently. been having things revealed & mourning parts of my life I felt I wasted by over giving to others & letting them cross my boundaries for years. people I dont see or talk to (anymore) but caused me a lot of damage in regards to relationships  & ability to form close bonds. Yes once you see you also see the shadows. Shadowwork is really important at this stage. You need to let it come up search for the root of it and forgive at the root. It may take some time or you even have to do it more than once. Important is to really find the root and forgive the situation and heal.

In zen this is called going to the mountain and it ends with the words „ARIGATOU ZAISHÖ“ which means thank you, illusion

The mountain is a picture for your consciousness. While at its feet the next level of consciousness awakens it then get more steeper until the top you are surrounded by ice and harsh conditions like the final trial of your new consciousness

Once cleared and you placed the stone and cloth ( or cross or whatever you think is your sign) you have achieved a dhyana ( a status of consciousness)

Good luck That could be something unexpressed within you. I have ancestral anger from opening mine but it’s almost at conflict with the peace Im gaining within Bc that’s what’s needed in the world if that makes any sense I'm fighting it, honestly. I feel the anger but I see it as a negative pathway, leading only to pain . Nothing you can do about things that happened even a second ago. All you can control is your present and future. 

I feel anger over many things, including people that simply won't listen but I cannot make them and anger sets me up for personal pain by creating an environment for it to snowball.

Now, if you haven't put these things to rest in your life, then perhaps that's what you are going through. A pathway to forgiveness. Question:"how did you open it?, because I have been trying to open it recently any tips and tricks?"
Thank you. It is important to remain calm and proceed slowly.  It can get stressful sometimes, but the important thing to remember is that the future is not set.  Not everything you see will come to pass, but a lot of it will.  Speaking from experience, the only scenarios where it is worthwhile warning folks ahead of time are when a life or lives are at stake.  If you have questions or need someone to talk to, my dm's are open to you.  You are not alone. If I could add, make sure to look after yourself/energy. Try stay grounded and don't let yourself slip. I made that mistake and it took a long time to rebalance and get back on top of myself.   


It's a gift for sure, but it can turn into a curse if you aren't careful. Trusting yourself, meditation, grounding, all the good stuff will keep you on the right path. Good luck and you can also DM me if you have questions or just wanna chat. May I ask what type of meditation you did? I got a message that I'm supposed to work on my root chakra so I've dedicated my whole week to it. Seeing this when I go on is very synchronistic. I dont see with my physical eye yet.. Your doing great. Keep unblocking the rest of the chakras. one by one. The svadhisthana will guide you and especially the manipura will help you to find confidence in your precognition. 

Once you cleared the heartchakra the upper chakras mostly unblock themselves to the crown. And you can go from there to the higher chakras. Meditation will be your ally in this.

More because it'll help you keep your chill vibes chill. But it'll also give your mind a chance to connect with these visions (though keep in mind, not everything is set in stone.) 11 life path? I like to call it intuition, but lots of people say psychic Put energetic protection around your physical and your astral bodies. Very interesting. However, I believe the group you want is r/astralprojection

This group is very supportive and good for you to stay in as well Some may not know what you are. Perception is different for everybody. Keep in mind that those who can perceive you to an extent are sensitives and practitioners of different traditions. Most would rather not take chances. Sounds pretty interesting and I’d love to hear more about your experience. 

Now, I’ve interacted a little bit with this side of things (hence the username), and usually it’s one of a few things:

1. Beings looking to pick a fight, for sport or out of boredom. Generally a firm no will help them to back down.

2. Less experience beings mistaking you for evil. This seems to be more common as more people discover the astral and are (rightfully) paranoid. Again, be confident and calm. 

3. Energy theives or in general bad beings looking for something to gain. These require a little more work and eventually you’ll need to actively fight back or have good sheilding in place. Having such protections is a good idea regardless, it’s like a repel in Pokémon - keeps the less powerful things you don’t care about away. Don’t say “I just knew”, say “I had a hunch”. People take that much better.

I’m trying to understand how the CCTV looks into the bathroom… I feel this! It really sucks when you can tell someone has very dark energy and everyone thinks  they're great and that youre weird for not loving them too lol. I also hate it because I can tell when people are talking badly about me :( and a few times Ive definitely felt someone thinking about me sexually. It's taking me years to accept that I have these gifts as well. I feel like I found a lot of answers in non-duality. The future is not set and I have yet to find a way to not sound nutty when discussing future events.  Been dealing with this stuff for 15 years now and still learning.  The important thing is to be patient and stay calm.  Unless harmful events are coming, I usually keep it to myself. I’m in the same position and look crazy 😂 not helpful I know. Mines mainly a feeling I know when and where something is going to happen but not exactly what it is. 
I have dreams but I don’t usually realise I’ve had the dream until I’m having the experience then it all comes back and I know what’s coming next You just live with it,as usual. Grow indifferent as it is daily occurence,same as in my case.

My abilities mostly relate to vision so i grew indifferent and play around them:

>!Like if i see a black cloud moving in the corridor of my house i pretend to not notice it,otherwise missfortune will be shot at me,which i tested multiple times.!<

>!Sometimes i see something in the corner of my eye and if it is nice colour\[one of the rainbow\] i just drag its attention to me for some luck.!<

>!Sometimes i have visions of future.!<

>!Sometimes i have cryptic nightmares,my last nightmare was similar to final fantasy 4 asura trial where i was tested by 3 entities in the bodies of the kids.!<

>!Sometimes i am forced to sleep to experience a nightmare or dream of future.!<

And i am living with all of it,it's preety normal in my life and i dont talk about it outside the internet. So get used to your abilities or grow indifference to em. When I’m around others or if someone else is home with me , i speak with my guides through my mind. After all that’s how I hear them so yes ! You don’t need to speak out loud to them, they hear it all. It takes practice to discern your inner talk from theirs. Sometimes they come across as different voices and sometimes, your own. Then you have to figure out is the energy your or theirs.  I find if it’s your voice, it’s usually a weaker spirit, they can’t quite get enough together to appear different enough. 

Eventually, you can have full conversations and not a word is spoken. Practice and if you aren’t sure, ask them for signs. Maybe things are said in a way you’d never say or different choices of words or accents. 

If you set up an easy yes or no type thing, you can learn to quickly discern. Yes, they hear your thoughts. And they can see through your eyes as well as those of animals. I find that I do both lol if I lose something in my house you will hear Ok guys I can't find it and I have to leave I usually find it and say thank you and leave lol my husband got so used to it he asks me to to ask 😂 lol but I also do have quiet time in my mind with them and as I relax and meditate or listen to music especially if I astral travel they show up where I am and we talk it took me 4 years to form such a great bond but I had to get out of my own way along the way I have taught some of my clients that have become students how to #1 stop thinking 🤔 they are crazy for hearing, seeing, and feeling things, how to talk to their guides in any situation and how to form a tighter bond but you truly have to listen to your intuition and also not be afraid to talk to them some journal, some talk aloud like me at times lol 🤣 and some talk in their minds. Once you stop caring about what the world thinks it will get easier They can read our thoughts but aren't often actively doing so. I find it's best to begin any communication by mentally addressing them to begin a conversation. By name, if you know it but in my experience, they won't tell you their name. I use all sorts of made up descriptive names which I assign to those who won't tell or confirm their names, lol 

Just say In your mind that you wish to hear your guides talking to you

The best time to hear them is when you are sleepy
That's when mine usually talk to me

Your guides have probably already been talking to you but you just don't notice them


When you are sleepy before bed just pay attention to the words you are thinking

Then eventually you will hear words and then sentences that arent your thoughts but your guides communication


I first noticed my guides talking to me in my sleep
I would wake up and realize I was talking to someone

Like I was channeling my guides in my sleep

Now they occasionally talk to me when I'm tired they are very nice and encouraging

On occasion they even talk to me in my waking life but it's rare Yes they can. Any spirit can hear what goes on in your mind. They can also see alot more than we can. Hoped this helped, blessed be❤️ Yes, as long as you’re ok with it. Mine sense my emotions too and will speak to me about my emotional state. They did that a lot after my most recent breakup and it was really healing. Thank you for your reply. Sometimes I feel super aware of "little things " that I know are signs.. like its obvious and clear. Like the ones you mentioned.  I need to keep that in mind. 
I guess another question I would have is what do you call, or explain the "deep need" I feel I have to communicate with something higher? Maybe just loneliness?  If there is anything out there that can describe why one may feel that way, I'd like to know.. I really want my intuition back. I used to have excellent intuition. So I feel a strong desire to get that back and communicate with my higher self & guides.. 
I wonder if theres a way I can understand it better.
I know I'm seeking to grow. Maybe it's just as simple as that. Yes, and memories. Dude your brain is what processes your consciousness, spirits are not living beings for Christ sake If you instinctively think that the dent represents strengthen, then that's most likely the answer. Especially if that was your first gut intuitive feeling. I started noticing something like this the more I worked on my body through meditation poses and kriya yoga. A teardrop shaped dent began to form just above and between my eyebrows. I take it as a sign of balance between body and mind. You said it yourself, you get the runs. You have a physical reaction to the energy. If it was mental or all in your mind - you wouldn’t have the physical reaction. 

Blessings to you and your mom. I know this must be a difficult time for your family. 💕 I believe that white smoke is called ectoplasm. It’s pretty rare to see. The thing is that you sorta don’t know if it’s your mind playing tricks on you or not and you kind of never will. Kinda just gotta sit with it. And really at the bottom of it all, a lot of what people experience in life is a projection. Try not to get too in your head about it all. It’s easier said than done. A friend used to always tell me that I had so much head energy and the energy needed to be dispersed and released. Sometimes I try to remember this when I’m feeling what you’re feeling. No psychic will be 100% correct, ya know? Psychics read the CURRENT energy they’re seeing, feeling, hearing, etc. We all know the infamous saying that energy can’t be created nor destroyed… but it can be changed. So, I do believe our decisions can change the trajectory of our lives. I’m in no way discrediting her abilities, but be careful with putting a lot of stock in reviews stating how accurate she is. She may be accurate for others, but may not be for you…. even if she has 5 star reviews from hundreds of people. You won’t always vibe with every reader that most people vibe with or vibe with everything they say. 

I also wouldn’t stress about it either. If all else fails, trust your gut. That’s one thing that’ll never fail you. A reading is always only ever the advice & interpretation of someone, in that moment in time, from their unique perspective, filtered through their own bias, judgements and experience. 

We can be wrong. We’re only human and even the best of the best of us can’t be 100% accurate 100% of the time. Sometimes things can be right at the time of the reading, sometimes we just interpret the stuff wrong, but future predictions are even more open to change because so are we. We have free will, and so does everyone else whose actions even slightly impact ours. Future predictions don’t come with assurances or guarantees, because the future is malleable, and therefore should always be taken with a mountain of salt. You may stay on the exact same path but the people whose future will impact yours may not do.

You can change the trajectory of your life, because it regularly changes by your actions & decisions. And as I said other peoples actions change it too. Whatever energies your reader was interpreting in your reading, have changed now. They changed the minute you left, they changed as you were writing this post, they changed as people have replied to you. It’s a butterfly effect. The energies change all the time so the probabilities of your future have changed too, and your reader was telling you about the most likely probabilities in the moment of your reading. If you want something, it’s upto you to make it happen, if you want to avoid something, work to avoid it. The future is yours to shape. 

Just as a footnote, testimonials and reviews don’t always guarantee a good reader. Besides the fact they can be faked, just because someone is a great reader for your friend won’t guarantee they’re a great reader for you either. That saying about being on someone’s wavelength? There’s a lot to that! Not everyone is on the same wavelength and it’s easier to read those who are, and not as easy to read those who aren’t. Not that there’s good & bad wavelengths, just different ones. Think of it as tuning in a radio, some stations you can tune it crystal clear, some you get a lot more static and white noise. 

Only time will tell if her predictions come to pass but if she said you’re going down a road you don’t want to go, take control of things and change your direction. We can only ever give advice, it’s up to the sitter to go and implement those insights into their lives if they want to. There are infinite universes, and infinite possibilities. Some people read the most probable future given your current state, and apparent trajectory. That does not mean you’re locked into any of it. You are the creator, and you have the power to manifest the life that you want. Trust yourself above some stranger you paid $300, no matter how accurate she was about some things. Do your best not to give your power away. Starting now, take steps toward creating the future that you desire. Little adjustments today turn into big shifts down the road. Good luck! Fate is like a code, it is pre-written, but what possibility will play out is  
based on your decision.

I will try to make a parallel between this comment and your reading:  


So mb the psychic got a glimpse that you tend to upvote comments  
and based on that gave you a projection. But you can always make different decisions.

Perhaps your desired future come up when you start downvotes or giving awards   
or replying to comments.

You see the comment will remain here, but what happens with it is your decision.  
It's the same with life. You have free will, every choice changes your future timeline I always tell my clients that I can’t predict the future with 100% accuracy. At the end of the day there is free will and we are creating our own reality. You leave my reading and last minute decide to turn left instead of right and there you have it, a change could occur just like that. 

For this reason I tend to focus my readings on what needs to be done in the now time put yourself on your true path and be sitting in your highest power. My readings tend to focus on healing to get to the place where your future self will be able to make the decisions needed to be in your highest good.

Edit to add I would never tell a client that something is 100% going to happen or not happen in their lives. I am really critical of any reader who does fertility, etc readings for this reason. But everyone is different Don't stress about it. She could be wrong. Or maybe one day you'll decide you actually don't want those things. Or your position in life will change and they won't be important to you anymore. Or maybe she was just sensing that those things would require far more work for you than a different life path. Honestly though don't even stress about it From what you stated she sounds legit. Remember the very best of psychics are usually 80- 95% correct. It's nearly impossible to be 100% correct.

A psychic is a vessel used by Spirit  to bring messages to you. Spirit communicates using symbols, pictures & words the psychic has to interpret the meanings, as they themselves understand, and pass that message onto you.

I recently used this as an example of what I mean.
Spirit used an image of a painters pallette  to relay acknowledging that their person had been remodeling & painting a house.
The psychics interpretation of Spirits message was that this person was an artist, but they were not.

My point is we get bits & pieces, symbols, images or a word and we try to interpret what Spirit is showing us. 
White roses/flowers to Me represents a birth, adoption or new beginings. My psychic friend interprets white roses to mean innocence, pure heart or a passing.

There's not a guide book like a dictionary for psychic interpretation. Spirit speaks to each of us differently using what we will best understand.

I hope that makes sense and is helpful in understanding a bit about working with a psychic. I'm not familiar with most psychics, so I don't know. I used to get annoyed by tarot readings because I didn't like the outcome, but it turned out it was actually for the best and something better would come along. That could be the same for you. Also, don't put too much faith in psychics so they could be wrong and are not always accurate all of the time No one can tell your future with 100% accuracy. You have free will and can make new decisions at any time. I basically just went and did the same thing but it was a bit more costly and she started out strong actually right away talking about what I came to ask her about without having been able to ask it yet. A lot of it was interesting and accurate. 

But a good portion of it, she misunderstood my question and went off on a tangent about the wrong thing so I was discouraged. 

It made me wonder if it’s sorta like the average success of highly trained remote viewers, where they’re getting 60% or more accurate hits but there’s still 40% or less where they miss the target. 

So it makes me wonder a lot about what she said. There was a lot of ego involved on her part, she talked about herself a lot and also charged hourly. So I felt like that added $100 could have been avoided I guess. Left me wondering who tf I had just been speaking to, she left me with the weirdest vibe. I feel we define our future based on the paths that we are shown.  You are free to go on any path so, in my opinion, no one can predict your future with 100% certainty.

Good luck to you and I honestly feel no one knows your future for sure. You shouldn't let anybody tell you what you can and can't do. Do it anyway and prove them wrong. There is no linear set in stone path, there are infinite futures and possibilities, and these potential futures coalesce as probabilities, probable futures based on what you are doing now, but you can change that at anytime, by changing yourself. >How accurate is this?

Were you given a cold-reading? If so that would explain some of it. (Cold reading is a trick that charlatans use to convince you they're psychic. If you're being cold-read, chances are the person is just another charlatan.)

>Can we change the trajectory of our lives based on our decisions and our efforts

One thing I believe is that the future is often not written in stone. There are some events that are bound to happen (which are often just the continued ripples of previous choices/decisions affecting us today) but most of it is in flux.

As in, you can predict futures all you want but there's no guarantee that they'll even come to fruition. The vision being had could be a legitimate vision, but for a different universe (multiverse theory comes into play here.)

It's one of the reasons why I'm cautious about fortelling the future in my practice. Ok so... Think of it this way: you're on a path. There are some forks here and there, and you have to choose one. Your psychic looked at where the forks led, and didn't see the things you want being along any of the paths. 

In this case, to get what you'd desire, you'd have to get a machete and carve your own path to what you want. Basically your psychic is looking at what is available to you, on the paths. What you want is off the path entirely. It's not in your realm. It isn't impossible, it would just be a very difficult journey for you, perhaps even more difficult than it would be for another person. 

Let's say for example, two people want to sing. One is a nobody from a small town who just sings okay.  The other is the child of a famous singer, who also sings okay. The singer's kid has access to things that will help them become a better singer and a parent who can get them some exposure. The nobody has no tools, no way of getting exposure easily, no connections. In this case, the singer path would be easily accessed by the singer's kid, while the nobody would have to force their way there, they'd have to work ten times harder to get the same career, despite having the same amount of singing talent as the singer's kid. A psychic, at the beginning of their journey, would easily see the singer's kid in a future where they're singing for large crowds, and then they'd see the nobody working a 9-5 and maybe singing in a church choir on Sundays. Can it be changed? Probably. Future's malleable. But it would require a massive amount of hard work and sacrifice and goal oriented planning on the part of the nobody, who is disadvantaged compared to the singer's kid. I mean, it sounds like she knew a lot, based on what you’re describing. 😂 No psychic is gonna be 100% accurate, and you should always take what they tell you with a grain of salt. Don’t let a reading dictate how you approach your life. You’re in charge. Maybe this is the exact advice you needed right now to help your fulfil your destiny? If you catch my drift. I am late to this conversation but really wanted to encourage you that the future is fluid.  Anything is possible at any time, and ultimately you are in charge of the trajectory of your life.  I understand it can be disappointing to get a reading like this because we see people - like famous or well known psychics - as authorities on the future.  The truth is, you are the authority, and you mustn't give your power away to someone in the hopes of finding comfort in what they tell you.  

So many really good answers in the thread already, just wanted to give you mine. No one can predict with certainty your future as it's fluid. You have control over it.
I have changed my own. Time is always changing and so is life. I wouldn’t out much thought into it. Something that could have happened two seconds ago could be null within another second Whatever you believe is true. Believe you can create your own destiny and follow through. I used to believe in tarot. All of it was BS, honestly. And I speak from experience and that was the last straw. Today, if I come across tarot I just politely decline. Serves me right for wanting to know what’s going to happen. As humans, we just need to take a frickin step back and walk through our lives the way it was meant to be. I dont want to be looking over my shoulder every 5 mins or expecting some miracle just bec a psychic or tarot reader said so. Theres a lot of disappointment if it doesnt come true. And a lot of heartbreak and stress too. Free yourself from this. Live life as it happens. And lower your expectations. I wouldn't listen to anyone who tells me something will not happen with confidence. If anything, I will live to prove them wrong. Why someone like her is famous is beyond me. Maybe she sensed you needed a push and used reverse psychology on you?

*What's Really Going To Bake Your Noodle Later On Is, Would You Still Have Broken It If I Hadn't Said Anything?* Who is this psychic. Are you allowed to name names? Not sure what the rules are on this sub. Yes you can absolutely change the trajectory of your life. Especially when you know what’s coming. [removed] By what you described, famous psychic with heavy accent - i'm wondering if you saw the long island medium? that's why imo paying fortune tellers money is waste of money Letting a psychic tell you what you can and can't do dumb  anyway it a matter of if you do it not so much anything else Hopefully that guy who copy pastes their method will show up, I should really save that comment myself lol. 

Essentially you wanna learn how to meditate, then once you're able to clear your mind of wandering thoughts and emotions, you can begin to set a space for your guides to come through. A popular method is to envision an open, peaceful place where they can show up, and where you can always go back when you want to meet up with them. Other things go into it such as grounding and shielding to ensure that you're able to connect with the right energies. But being able to meditate and push any personal crap out of the way is key to having a strong connection. Automatic writing is a great technique, Gabby Bernstein has a good video on YouTube. We have a couple of guides in the sub wiki that might help you! 
The first is an art ticket about meditation that then goes on to discuss how to meet your spirit guides so scroll past the first bit if you aren’t interested although a good meditation practise would definitely help

https://www.reddit.com/r/Psychic/wiki/index/faq?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf

The other is a ‘how to connect to your spirit guides’ from the best of section of the sub. Hope these help some? 

https://www.reddit.com/r/Psychic/comments/76lobf/how_to_contact_your_spirit_guide/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf Do it in a lucid dream Look on YouTube for Guided Meditation to meet your Guides.  There are tons there. 💜 > Then she ended with someone cursing my mom when she was pregnant, but I ended up absorbing it. Claimed that all the positive things she said about my future can come true if I go through a ($300) cleanse. That’s when I called bullshit and felt so hurt because I was genuinely getting emotional in the beginning. I kindly declined and left.

You did the right thing for sure. This is a common manipulation tactic to extract as much money as possible from vulnerable clients. Those neon signs combined with "open 24 hours" are two red flags on their own, so it's no surprise that it escalated to the "pay me more to lift your curse!" bit lol. *No one* who uses those neon signs is legit from what I've seen, it's just an easy way to grab people's attention who are bored, lonely, or desperate, not unlike a flashy strip club sign tbh.

In order to find someone who has a serious practice, it's best to become familiar with your local spiritual community and use word of mouth recommendations. If there is a magick store nearby that has a good reputation, that can be a good place to start since they tend to hold community events or be attached to other people or things in the area. Reddit seems to have some helpful folks too - there's a subreddit that actually verifies people's abilities before they're allowed to advertise services but I forget what it's called [removed] Stay the hell away from anyone that says "future can come true if I go through a ($300) cleanse". This is why I don't put too much stock in the visions of fortune tellers and other professional "psychics."

Too many charlatans out there. So many that it's damn near impossible to get a decent reading (the genuine psychics out there aren't usually plying their services.)

EDIT: That last bit, about the curse, that's one of the oldest scam openers ever. As you noticed, they end up trying to dazzle you into thinking you have a curse and they (fascinatingly enough) have the solution and that's where they get you. The readings they offer are more like "how to detect a rube gullible enough to fall for my scam." I am not psychic, only answering from my experiences, the others are right, it is a scam! And it’s very wise of you to ask here. This is where I’ve learned so much about what to expect and how not to get scammed. I unfortunately before finding this page, fell for the scam… and lost alot of money just hoping it would help me out of the lonely place I was in. It didn’t… the person took my money and ghosted me soon afterwards. There are real healers. I personally like to see what people write on these threads, get a sense for how they are and what they do. And sometimes I will reach out to someone because I feel drawn to them for some reason, and if they are accepting or willing I will pay them for a reading. Also, the free readings they offer here are great!!!!! So many gifted people willing to help! It’s really nice that they do this ❤️❤️ I don't understand the sexual assault connect entirely, nor did I see the post,  but it makes me feel sad with what I think it might mean. So big hugs friend. I have no insight into how to become one and i cant explain my universe connect well to others. But you've put your intentions out to the universe and my heart caught your post, so be kind to yourself. Take deep breaths. Never blame yourself. And ask for the universe to guide you. And know someone out there knows you're asking for guidance, so i am thinking of you.  

But also know, no amount of telepathy can prevent sexual assault. No matter the strength,  no one can fully predict the actions of others. It was not a lack of sense on your part, it was the unpredictableness of someone entirely out of tune with the universe and who chose to engage in actions to harm someone else, i think of it as an intentional harm to self, a person like that. How sad one must be.... That is the imbalance in our world, others harming others intentionally.  But I do feel your soul seeking answers and understanding.  I have been there maybe in similar ways, or maybe not. Just know, know, know, it wasn't your fault. Why is sexual assault “lol” to you…? Magic mushroomed will insight telepathy but you have to be outstandingly careful. Telepathy is like a mist and even the softest gentlest breeze will wash it away. It’s almost better to just not even think about it or try to get to it. I’ve experienced telepathy a few times and it’s not all that it’s cracked up to be. It’s fascinating for sure, but I really urge caution when seeking telepathy. Result of too much propaganda in this world. It can be done. I don't wish to reveal the secret here.

Trataka meditation with a specific object will work. You can figure it out if you work on it >telepathic "sexual assault"

What sad, insecure, oversensitive and paranoid excuse of a person would accuse someone else of something that happens only in his/her own mind and ruin their lives? Or maybe is looking for attention, like most teenagers. You have to be very aware of what are your own thoughts and own energy versus something that comes from the external world. It's very easy to develop if you have close family members or friends to experiment with. Next time you're alone with someone try to quiet your mind completely. You need to be in that quiet daydreaming state aka "Alpha brain state" without having the normal daydream or self-thoughts. It's not that hard especially if  you have experience meditating. It's a quiet yet alert state. Easy to pick up on things around especially small sounds. Then you might pick up on the thoughts and energies of others.

Eventually you'll start hearing small things like. "Hmm this food is delicious" or "OP looks very sleepy tired or something" Those small benign thoughts that humans have every now and then. That's their inner voice you're picking up on. You need to be able to focus on something without even looking at it if that makes sense. As another poster said Trataka meditation will help. Developing focus on an object and becoming one with it starts to engage that psychic muscle that you use to pick up on energy. Once you have a lock on their "vibe" you'll be able to tap in. Then once you develop that connection with humans you can start sending them your own thoughts thus "telepathy". You'll start realizing that some people around you will be more open psychically open. Even animals have their own simple thoughts too. Dogs and cats especially since they're around us often.

Take care in this journey though, because opening up those secret faculties can change your whole life up. Maybe you'll pick up on the thoughts of your significant other and youll find out they dont really love you or maybe you'll pick up on the thoughts of those people you thought were your friends at work but actually are being super fake behind your back. You start becoming a "human lie detector". And a lot of people do not have pretty internal worlds. Opening a psychic connection with toxic individuals is super draining.

Hope that helps. Limiting sugar and not using flouride toothpaste seems to help too. There are certain illicit substances that you smoke or pick off the poo of cows that help open you up too, but I do not condone any illegal activities. Living in nature helps as well. Anything that helps you understand silence and the absence and presence of energy is good.

&#x200B;

Ask and ye shall receive 🙏 Pondering the orb 🔮

Crystal balls aren’t the easiest thing for scrying. You have to get the set up just right and have a good quality ball. Nothing wrong with using them. I’m glad yours is working for you. 

Black mirrors and other reflective surfaces work just as well but are more user friendly. A clean tablet screen (tablet off) or the like work. 

My favorite thing to scry in is a bowl (or small black cauldron) with Earl Grey tea in it. I bought an obsidian scrying disk I haven't used it yet but would love to learn how I love my crystal ball. I think it makes people think I’m a freak but whatever. It has opened up my third eye lots of times and it is great for visualizing. Really anything can open up the third eye though, I could meditate my focus on a chair or something and could get the thing open, but something about crystal balls I love. I have a clear quartz crystal ball and a lot of times I visualize it as my perfectly clear mind, and then work with it whenever something pops into it. I’ve thought about getting another but it’s not like I shit money and I don’t need to get addicted to buying crystal balls and stones. Not sure if I can be of any help, but I am a psych major and I can try to explain this phenomenon. I also deal with sleep paralysis as a child and even now as an adult. I thought that it was due to spirits, but I learned that it’s simply a nightmare. You scare yourself so bad in your sleep that you wake yourself up while you’re still dreaming. Hence why you can’t move or speak. You are viewing your dream in “real life”. I believe it 100%, but I’m sure you can have other opinions. Hope this helps you out even a little! Also keep in mind the time zone you were born in How different is the time? No. They can't but you might can through regressive hypnosis. It's best to o trust hospital records and your birth certificate. I've heard they can for a fee, but I don't really trust it. What I did was compare where my rising sign was placed at certain times on the day I was born which I think narrowed it down to a 2 hour window. See which rising sign fits the best, and then compare it to those times you have on your birth certificate, etc This damn word is thrown around way too fucking much. People will believe anything to escape the boring reality She thought of your first,manifestxher :)) You are experiencing precognition.  It is not worth worrying about, although that is the natural reaction when it starts happening.  Like most things in life, it can be scary at first but you eventually get used to it.  Over time, you may even be able to manage it to the point where you can look forward consciously while you are awake.  If you are anything like me, not everything you see will come to pass as the future is not set in stone.  Speaking from experience, I have yet to find a way of warning people where you do not sound insane.  Keep a journal and always know that you are not the only one who has to deal with this. Same. For years and years. You aren’t alone One of the most cursed gifts to have. I usually just try to block them out. It’s a very isolating experience. And seeing and not being able to do anything about it is just the most helpless of feelings. Pure torture. I've been having a lot of dreams recently about a person. There all events that have never happened so im curious if they will happen some day. They are based on conversations that happened in the pass. Deep bonds are common in intimate relationships.  It is very common for a couple to share a psychic bond.  My ex wife and I could read each other's thoughts.  You are not crazy in the least. I could pick up that my exe wife cheated when she was 1200 miles away. And 2 days later when she got home I got my confirmation. I picked up on it just by the feel of her text messages. They just seemed different than her normal ones. I’ve had the same dreams with one ex on the same night. I had a dead relative come to me in a dream and say something and my aunt had the same exact dream, I only found out because my cousin told me about it. Another ex and I saw each other as children at the same moment. Not see see but in our minds. Hard to explain! When you have a deep connection and sensitivity, you can have some unique experiences. Tarot cards are used for answering your questions sooo.

Ideally you would sit down, relax and meditate a bit. Focus on intention of connecting to your spirit guides. Ask them to asnwer your questions through cards. Then ask question and lay out the cards. Spirit guides will answer through your cards.

Simple. Meditate on a question, develop a ritual for pulling cards (I simply shuffle mine and look at them, reversed, to see which ones I want)

Then interpret them, settle with whatever you choose.

I usually pull 3 but you can do whatever you want as long as you know what they're each for.

If I was you, I'd use them to figure out a focal point for contact, as in pull cards that tell you what energy you should use to reach them. Each of us experience our abilities slightly differently, even within a group of people who all share the same type of ability, how we experience it may differ person to person. There isn’t a right way, or a wrong way, just your way, and that’s perfectly okay. Similarly how we develop them can differ too. Some of us find it’s a natural thing, some of us have to work on them. Most of us agree though that a good start is having a sound meditation practise. And yes, there are many many different types of traditional and non-traditional ways to meditate too. The aim is to quieten the day-to-day mind chatter we all have, and then we can hear/see/feel whatever it is our intuition is telling us more clearly.   

I’ll link you to an article in the sub wiki about meditation. It’s a good starting point if you don’t know where to start, and it covers grounding, blocking and shielding too - also essential skills in developing (and managing) any form of psychic ability. See if this helps any but give it time, it takes patience and won’t happen overnight. If this form of meditation doesn’t work for you, don’t worry, just try an online search and find another form of meditation that appeals and does works for you, it doesn’t have to be cross-legged chanting or intense hours in uncomfortable poses, there’s a lot of different types of non-traditional meditation including guided, nature walks, forest bathing, gardening, artistic pursuits, playing musical instruments and the important thing is finding whatever you like, want to do and appeals to you. Enjoy! 

https://www.reddit.com/r/Psychic/wiki/index/faq?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf By chanting mantra,or intense meditation you can get such ability through dreams or visons..

Diet play a important role too..

My pov ✅ I have been having similar experiences since I was 8 years old.  You are definitely not alone and do not sound crazy at all to me. This is pretty typical of people in this community. A lot of children are born with these gifts and forget them or are shunned out of them by their parents but some don’t feel these impacts. I have astral projections and very vivid lucid dreams. Also have a lot of mood swings, I think because of the energy of the people around. But I don't know whether it's just my mind or I'm absorbing the energy of people! Lol, for being one of us, very normal. Tho, do be careful. Admitting this you will get an inbox full of people wanting you to tell them if their SO is cheating on them or if you can make their other half live them more, for free of course. They don’t wanna pay. 

Otherwise, welcome! As you know, these abilities can make your personal life difficult as you may not always want to say something to someone and the biggest downfall is that so many suffer all the time, to feel that constantly can bring you down. 

Learn to protect your energy. The brighter you shine, the more attractive you are to everything. Good and bad. I wish I could tell you how, but I’m still working on that. 

This path is not easy and it’s easy for others to take advantage of you. The trick is to not become bitter. 

I pray you find ways to keep your sanity. Most of us have prbly exp same. Many of us started at a very young age. I was lucky enough to have a grandmother and father who could teach me.

One of the most important things I learned as an empth, and it sounds like you’re an empath as well as a medium, is to protect myself. Each morning I have a prayer ritual into which I have incorporated my projection ritual. I encourage you to find/develop one for yourself. I would also encourage you to attend classes that will help you develop your skills and manage them. you are gifted I also experience these things, from a young age but esp increasing recently. You are gifted. Hi. I just joined because I’m struggling with a very specific piece of information I’ve intuited and was looking for advice too. You aren’t alone. I’ve had abilities since I was a teenager and I’m in my 40’s now. It’s been lonely a lot and I’ve felt crazy a lot, been told I was psychotic and was medicated. I also have abused substances a lot to deal with it. I was lucky to find others in various places with similar abilities and it’s so nice to meet others! I feel like my ability has lessened as I get older and you just learn to live with it. Feel free to chat me yes i experience all of this too omg [removed] I wish I was born like this I also see auras. I see heat signatures from things as well, weird stuff like the heat trail left by tires from cars driving. I have exceptional hearing. I’ve been tested a few times, and each time they explain that I have the best hearing they have seen in anyone. I can hear vibrations, and feel vibrations. I am extremely sensitive to vibrations coming off of electronic devices as well as fluorescent lights, sometimes I have to leave the room it can become too overwhelming. Not sure if vibration is the right word but that’s how I describe it. I can also hear bats echolocation. I ask people if they can hear it and they look at me like I’m insane. I can locate where something is immediately just by listening in on it. Like a bird chirping in a tree amongst a forest I can pinpoint where it’s at right away. Animals aren’t really afraid of me, unless I am with other people. Have had dreams that have come true. And can feel what other people are thinking. I say feel because I can’t hear their thoughts but I can almost feel them, it’s hard to explain. Everyone in my opinion has gifts and abilities, it just depends on how open they are to them. :) it’s cool that people are sharing more about their gifts. Love hearing about it. And how old are u now It's definitely not assault.

If they all of a sudden say in your head, "Cut it out!", or something similar, you really should direct your thoughts elsewhere.  Fantasize about someone else.  Feelings have to be mutual. I don’t see anything wrong with fantasizing about someone. We are human at the end of the day and do fantasize about people, life, the future, etc. I think that once this person made it clear they were receiving this energy and it made them uncomfortable and you were to continue regardless of this confrontation- then it becomes an issue. Otherwise then i don’t see a problem. It’s human to fantasize. I would obviously apologize to this person and tell them your sorry for making them uncomfortable, it was not your intent to make them uncomfortable, you didn’t know and that you don’t do it anymore. I would moving forward ask this person in general what there telepathic boundaries are. If they are sensitive to thought/energy in general then maybe ask if there are boundaries and things you can do to take the pressure off if it’s overwhelming for them. Also be prepared moving forward if this person acts or perceives you differently. If you are here to learn, then we must allow you to make mistakes. 

Did your energy get in their space? Maybe. There are many ways for someone to pick up on your fantasies about them. Telepathy is only one way. Clairvoyance and clairsentience can do it. And it gets more complicated because different people will interpret what you are doing differently. 

Learning to be aware of your own energy is the first step. Then you can learn to control it. Everybody has telepathic abilities, but only a few can actually understand them and differentiate them for any practical use. 

Everyone you've ever thought about is aware in some level of it. 

Poor grandma. Simple just don’t think 👍 I mean, you should be able to be 100% safe in your own head. If someone else is psychic they can learn to block you out IMO Yo thoughts ain’t my thoughts, next caller Many things are situationally dependent. I wouldn't worry about karma and labels right now, and would sincerely apologize and humbly respect this person's understandable decisions or uneasiness with you, going forwards. If they feel that way, that's valid and you should accept that. That doesn't change wether you knew or did not at the moment. Not assault.

People are allowed to have private thoughts.
If they Are telepathic, they should be able to shield themselves from others thoughts, and let others have their privacy. Well they should be able to block any unwanted telepathic communications. I believe you should be able to fantasize about what you want. On one hand, no one belongs in your head. 

On a different hand though, thoughts are rarely just thoughts, and can often translate into words or actions (think glancing at someone too often), and someone who doesn’t even want you thinking about the two of you together very likely doesn’t want those accompanying words or actions. Be careful, be aware, be mindful <3 It’s your head, your thoughts our yours if they don’t like it they don’t have to be there

They shouldn’t be ease dropping there in first place Tell them to bugger off and stay out of your head. They are unjustly intruding in your personal space, violating boundaries in a very unsettling way. It's your mind ffs, they can't police your thoughts. My pos psycho neighbors try to do this all the time and they are the biggest predatory scumbags I know 
Great question. 

It probably doesn't develop karma unless you refuse to clean up your intentions and continue to emit possessive sexual energy at her regardless of the fact you know she doesn't want it. 

Intentions scream loud and clear on the frequency front, as you know, even if they aren't physically acted out. 

Begin to respect her as a soul and commit to treating her as such. Commit to not thinking about her body and see the internal being instead. This will cancel out any karma.

And yes, it is a bit like psychic sexual assault when a woman can feel your energy and it's not reciprocal. No it’s not. Period. When I was young and an uncontrolled psychic mess, I actually had a psychic, well, psychically block me. I needed that lesson. I also had some weird shit happen with a man I had a very sexual relationship with like 5 years ago. It could be psychic attack, but you’ve gotta listen to your intuition. Very low chance it's so impactful it makes them uncomfortable. It'll just be a whisper and a vague feeling to them. If they're so tuned in that they're deeply affected by other's thoughts and emotions, then they're bound to have so many other things flowing through them that sexual fantasies will be relatively easy to accept and probably inconsequential. That is, unless they like you back, or have some other personal investment in your sexuality. That's when its more likely to potentially become messy, good or bad. Bro whatever goes on in your head is your business no one else’s don’t worry about it if someone that’s telepathic is being nosy they’re the ones in the wrong imo. Your thoughts can’t hurt anyone except you if you let them. I was so intensely thinking about sex that telepathic police knocked at my telepathic door a couple of times, in the end the telepathic judge gave me a restricting order to stay at least at 500 telepathic meters from that woman. Not assault - also telepathy takes two - one to send and one to receive. I send back whatever is not for my highest good (which is my responsibility as the receiver). Especially understanding that others have little understanding or control sometimes of what they are sending. Lol Repression leads to an unhealthy explosion later. That being said they may think that it is them who is having the thoughts so become confused. If they find out it was you, I would imagine it would be flattering at best and kind of funny at worst I mean, it’s really based on the situation and intent. Think of it like a criminal trial - intent and what you do about it matter a lot. Someone who apologizes and goes to the cops after commuting a crime gets off easier than someone who doesn’t. Coming clean to yourself and recognize in f you did something wrong, and commuting to avoiding that behavior in the future will definitely do you good just let it be i’d say… not healthy to control or suppress those thoughts😊 They wouldn't allow it if they didn't like you well, you're in their world so it means they're accepting sex, its just a sign and simply says the person wants sex. you got a heads up, whats wrong? The word you are looking for is ‘fantasy’? What utter nonsense. Assault? No I don't think it is. During my learning phase, without me meaning to, I'd pick up thoughts from others that were energeticly connected to me. (Someone was worried about me, mad with me, sending good vibes, whatever). 

With that, I once I saw an old friend who used to have a crush on me meany years ago and I picked up INTENSE sexual energy immediately. Like they were fantasizing about me in a sexual way at that very moment. 

I hated it. It made me feel disgusting, but I excused myself to the bathroom and purposefully cleared my energy feild and shielded myself and it went away. Outside of their thoughts, the person was respectful and not at all preditory.

People are going to think about whatever they're going to think about. It's my job to manage my own energetic feild and sheild effectively. So long as no physical actions are taken or said, it's fine. their fault for being telepathic :/ I have actually really been wondering the same the past days. I think if you realized it made them uncomfortable, you should stop and apologize :) Have you also been sharing stuff on social media or with people who you think are friends? I would just try to empathize with them. So in this particular case I would honestly entertain what it’s like to be on the receiving end of sexual assault. If it’s hard to do with just my imagination then maybe I’ll watch a show or movie where this is happening to someone. If I can’t handle full on sexual assault then I’ll start smaller like a scene where someone is being creeped out in a sexual way. If I start feeling those negative emotions then it’s working. Then all I need to do is listen to and process the emotions.

After that I’ll have a better understanding of that entire dynamic and it will be clear whether I actually did anything wrong or not. No it's not. Loooool are you serious bro? Like, wtf. If we can’t even own the fuckin thoughts in our heads what can we call ours in this world? If anything it’s an invasion of privacy for them to be reading your thoughts without permission. lol!!!! equivalent!!??? men think about sex every, what, 5 or 30 seconds... and women know they if they will have sex with you or not,  within 5 seconds of meeting you... 

Energies are energies, they exist intentionally or unintentionally and THEY should also be learning to protect themselves from whatever is out that THEY think need protection from now that THEY are becoming more sensitive to energies or dimensions. Your thoughts are a natural process and THEY will get the karma they deserve for trying to influence your freewill for their ignorance. like the old saying says.. .with great power yadda yadda yadda. Next time tickle their ass with your mind... see if they feel it. Bro wtf is this sub I don’t get what feels like movie reels at all, but I definitely have images pop in my minds eye. And  they always come in between that stage of wakefulness and sleeping. Once I had this cute little boy stomping around in mud puddles in the rain, wearing yellow rain boots and a yellow raincoat with the cute little yellow hat. Actually that one was like a video. I wasn’t thinking of anything in that moment, was just falling back asleep and there he was. Day before yesterday I had a young man wearing a clean white t-shirt with blue lettering on it. But when I try to focus and make out more details I wind up losing the images altogether. It’s my favorite thing ever to have those because wherever they are coming from they never coincide with where my thinking is at the time. But it’s difficult for me to put myself in that headspace and I have no clue how to capture them and hold on. All I know is that the harder I try to the quicker they go poof and disappear. When you see images when waking up, they are called Hypnopompic Hallucianations.

When you falling asleep, they are Hypnogogic Hallucinations. 

They are images/dreamlets of a starting dream.

You can use them to enter a lucid dream. You can find your method, but what worked for me was: I found a spot in the image and said deliberately I... AM... THERE. That literally wooshed me into the image and when I was standing in the middle of it, my environment changed into 3D and I was inside of it, surrounded on all sides.

Or, you can try to stand up or roll out of your body by mentally giving yourself a command to roll to the side, as when you are turning to get up from the bed. When you just think it, your dream body will move and you will find yourself in a dream/astral, which will most likely be in the form of your bedroom.

If you miss your chance this time, next time be ready : ) Or just enjoy the images/movies. They can be startlingly beautiful and interesting. I'm clairvoyant. Spirit/my Team bring me messages by way of showing me pictures, symbols and a quick film like action. 

They bring messages in a way I will most understand.
Example; 
I was at work sitting at my desk. Suddenly in my minds I  was shown many, many people standing in a long line. The line of people faced left, walking to the left. Their shoulders drooped down & they were shuffling very slowly in the line. 
They all appeared sad or in despair.
I felt a feeling of loss & my heart felt heavy. Then a saw (what felt like myself) a person joining the line not at the end of the line, but in the middle. 

In 2008 alot of people were losing their jobs due to the failing economy. 
I felt that what I'd been shown was a message that I would be joining the hundreds that were suffering the effects of the economy. 
     Six days later I was laid off and found myself standing in line at the unemployment offices.

13 months later I received a call from a company offering a job interview. As I was telling my husband about the interview my Team was showing me a symbol. A small circle & five arrows around the circle pointing towards it and the arrows were moving back & forth towards the circle. 

I took that message to mean that this was the company that was going to hire me. They did.

Anyway that is how Spirit communicates with me.
I'm also clairaudient & clairsentient, but my strength is clairaudient. 
I feel you are definitely clairvoyant. 🙏💜 I’ve experienced this twice! I was playing cards with my husband and dad til like 2 or 3 in the morning and once I laid down to go to sleep and closed my eyes I saw stars in a dark purple sky. I thought that was weird so I opened my eyes again and closed them and it happened again. Usually when I close my eyes it’s just pitch black but that night I was seeing stars like perfectly which freaked me out because I’m nearsighted YES! It's what gets me interested in the topic. I don't know why I get that or what causes it. I wonder if there is a way to develop that into something. I love your user name!!  I’ve had this experience twice now, since my spiritual awakening. The first time it was like someone was holding a book open, close to my eyes, so that I could read a specific paragraph.  The book was moving a bit, just like it would if someone was holding it.  There was a message of four sentences that seemed important so I wrote them down in my journal once I came to. 

The other time, it felt sort of like a movie, but it was also like I was there.  It lasted only about 5 seconds. I was a lady in long skirts, standing in a dusty street like in the old American west (cowboy days). There was a smartly dressed man in an old black suit facing me, looking around frantically. There was chaos in the street, people running around and something big and bad was happening, we were trying to figure out what to do. Then it was over! 

I’ve heard this called the hypnagogic phase, but I’m not sure. I think that’s what it’s called. I’ve heard that all kinds of things can happen during the hypnagogic phase (between waking and sleeping), like messages from guides, past life memories, and visits from guides or loved ones on the other side. 

So maybe a google search on hypnagogic phase will help you find something! Good luck! Yes this has happened me twice now and I had no idea what was going on. When i closed my eyes I seen a ‘movie’ and as you described it’s very quick but I noticed the images seem to have a grain, almost like an old movie. Would definitely like to know more about what this is When I close my eyes, I see shapes and some really muted colors (yellow, green, blue…). It’s almost like a less colorful version of a kaleidoscope. Yes. Your gut will know. Literally! Ask yourself questions you know the answer to, and really think about how it makes you feel. 

For example, say “I’m a purple gorilla” and see how that makes you feel. Then follow it up with saying “I’m ZorbhaTheBuddha” and see if that feels different! 

Continue experimenting with statements and how your body reacts to them. Use that to hone your intuition! This is one of the most challenging things to do because the imagination can be incredibly detailed and believable.

How to discern the difference? Well, first off do some shadow-work so you can deal with your negative impulses. Also, meditation is said to work by allowing you to become familiar with what the natural texture of your thoughts feels like so you can differentiate it from things coming to you from the other realms.

EDIT: But I've been doing this for more than 10 years and I still have difficulty discerning between imagination and intuition. So don't chide yourself if you're having difficulty... most of us do. You’ll be able to tell with practice. When you know, you know Fake intuition is usually caused by anxieties and fears. Real intuition does not come with anxiety and fear. You will know in your gut that something is not right but it won't cause a panic attack. Your real intuition will tell you when the time is right. If it doesn't tell you, you weren't meant to know. The truth comes as you need it, simply remain open and observe. My intuition comes without thought. It's a strong or intense knowing deep within.

There's no questioning, it just is and without having to have thought about it.

If you have to question " it", it's not intuition.
If you just know without a doubt, it intuition. They're obviously not spirit guides but trickster spirits from the lower astral. I'd do a banishing ritual and white light protection technique daily until they feck off. Somebody who had your best interests at heart wouldn't use and manipulate you in this way and they certainly wouldn't lie. They shouldn’t be distracting you while you’re driving… so it’s possible it’s simply a lonely spirit. I would practice shielding and state affirmations that you only allow benevolent entities who hold unconditional love for you, and only want the best for you to interact with you. 

Regardless, I would put your foot down and not tolerate being lied to. Definitely smells of them seeing you as ignorant and vulnerable and using you as a toy. Be confident, tell them no - out loud if you have to, practice shielding and affirmations Don't tolerate any behavior in an entity relationship that you wouldn't in a human one. They can hurt you without meaning it, they can use you on purpose, and they can also be great. You gotta give them the boot if they are making you unhappy or making your life worse. I agree with the majority; these are not your spirit guides. 

Along with clear intentions consider smudging your space/whole house with sage. Move the smoke into each corner, every doorway and window while repeating aloud:
 
 "I cleanse this space of all negative energy and spirits wishing to do harm. Only positive energy of Divine light & love may enter this space. You are not welcome. I demand you leave this space now, never return, go into the light."
🤍💜🙏 It's also hard to get accurate pendulum readings when you're holding the tool as your body will always have micro movements. It's best used on a stand. Oh boy, ok- lock it out. Anything that isn’t there for hugest best, is lying, is manipulative, it makes you feel anxious or creeped out is not good.

Especially if they can move your body. I had this experience ( making sigils,  finger pointing, and almost using my computer keyboard like a ouijiboard) this was a lower vibrational being. I had to do a good deal of work to banish it, but the important thing is your don’t let it in- it’s a form of consent.

They can get in through grey area but if you say you’re a sovereign being and you do not consent to messages from any being/entity/groups/ or programs ( yes, all of those) which are trying to communicate through you but are not in service to others, or highest best timeline for you- that will help weed them out.

Don’t talk to the low vibrational energies, it can feel exciting but it won’t end well and it will take you in circles. whenever i use anything, i always make a point to ask for a response from 'energies of the highest good.'

i feel confident that saying something like that when asking anything keeps lower level energies from posing as a guide, or whatever Yes, thay can I'm sorry for what you're going through. I can feel you anguish and pain.

It's important to understand that even the most gifted & greatest psychics are typically 85 - 95% correct. It would be extremely rare almost impossible to be 100% each & everytime.

When we receive information from Spirit often times it comes through as a symbol, picture maybe a word. We have to interpret what it means then pass that along to you.

Example; I very gifted medium told me, during a reading, that my grandmother had come forward. She was showing him a painters pallet. He asked if I was an artist? I am not. He said she's telling you are. I repeated no. He asked do you want to be an artist, maybe water colors? Again I said no. He said she very insistent that you are a painter, but maybe it something you'll become interested in doing one day. 

I left feeling confused, kinda cheated in a way bc I felt someone had come through, but I wasn't for me. 

The next morning I headed over to a house we were remodeling. I walked into the empty house grabbed a paint brush, rag and paint to continue the painting we had been doing. In that very moment it hit me.. I'm PAINTING! I sat on the floor sobbing & laughing at the same time, called out loud to my grandmother.

So my point is the symbol he received he interpreted to mean I was an artist. Was the message he was given wrong? No. Was his interpretation wrong? Yes.

I'm not at all sure that I've explained this well, but I hope it helpful.

Something else to consider. You mentioned seeking out many readings. Do you think perhaps subconsciously you have a specific answer you're wanting to hear and without realizing it you keep seeking more answers,, but feel you not heard the right one yet??

I wish you well sweet soul. 💜🤍🙏 I find that bouncing from psychics even though I realize it's a common term because so many of us get bunched together can be very dangerous and disheartening for some people because they are looking for a specific answer which can lead them to anyone because they are desperate for closure and peace and that can lead for a psychic hunt I usually use the term spiritual advisor because my gifts encompass other things.  If they tell you they gave you a date with certainty it's very rare because you are working with " freewill" and other peoples choices that can and will change your outcome ... Some will tell you what you want to hear because they can sense your desperate need for closure and others will string you along over time. The first thing I tell a client is I am here to tell you what I see and what you ask but sweetheart I can not tell you what you simply want to hear because then I'm not helping you at all. Going to bunches of them is going to leave you confused, frustrated, and leave you feeling lost sweetheart ✨ if you are going to continue on your treck give yourself some time in between and ask yourself what is it that I really want to know and why. If the situation surrounds a great deal of grief Grief is a whole monster in itself. When you do this work you have to be able to treat the whole person not throw answers at them and go This is an old pet peeve of mine, and so I’ll share this with you for educational purposes. DO NOT SEE MULTIPLE READERS FOR THE SAME ISSUE. Things are very fluid and the more you poke the bear the more likely he will bite you. 

A thing to remember is a lot of factors go into what answer you get - your energy, that of the reader, and that of your mindset. So I’m very emotional situations you’ll probably get skewed predictions. They may not be impossible to be true, but will probably be less likely than if you were in a neutral mindset and energy. 

Second, the actions of the past influence the future. By getting a reading you change your mindset, which influences the next reading and so on, until the waters are so muddy the if k you’re getting is 100% useless It could be that the psychics you went to weren't actually psychic.

It happens. Not every psychic reader has any psychic ability... it's why cold-reading is so prevalent (and if they're cold-reading you, they're not psychic, they're just trying to scam you.) well you can ask for the information and meditate on the question.  We all have all these gifts its just about when then come on for each person is different so you do have these gifts but you need to work them like a muscle. You can also ask for the information in a dream or by a asking for a specific sign..take control of your reality and ho you get messages from spirit. Also psychics are not all pulling information from the same timeline is what is happening with you, what you need is the information from your highest time line / from the highest good for you as a being at this time. always set those intentions when asking for information or energy healing. The future is mutable. It changes everytime you look into it so yes, you're gonna get different answers each time.

You're looking for closure, and peace, and you're not gonna find that from a psychic, or anyone or anything. That's gonna from you. If it's meant to be then it's going to happen, regardless. Let it go. You’re the best psychic for yourself Stay positive & I suggest you listen to 528hz or 639 hz frequency and think through of the WHY you will gradually start to get some answer.. 

Just like a math problem, when we don't know how to solve we keep reading the questions repeatedly until we find a way to the answer ... Assuming she isn’t a fraud telling you what you want to hear (which is my default assumption about professional psychics until proven otherwise) there is a little issue with this kind of prediction. 

Predicting the future can lead to self fulfilling prophecy or even manifestation of the predicted future with sufficient focus and intent. It can also collapse the futures away from the desired or predicted future by either change your behavior or even instilling what is called “lust of results.”  This is where you focus so hard on the desire of a thing that you become subconsciously attached to the desire. This makes manifesting the desired outcome difficult. You just can’t let the desire go long enough for it to manifest. 

So can it be predicted? Probably. Though the farther away in time the harder to predict it becomes. 

Can obsessing over the prediction cause them to crash and burn? Yep. 

So basically, don’t worry about it. Trust your future fiancé to nail the timing and don’t worry about it so much. 

Did I mention don’t worry? That’s a loaded and tricky question. A reading is only ever advice from your reader based on their interpretation of the energies, at the moment in time of the reading, from their unique viewpoint, filtered through your readers knowledge, bias and experience. Any ‘predictions’ therefore are at best only probabilities based on those energies. And those energies change, they changed the day after the reading, they changed the week after, they changed since you wrote this post, and since I replied to it. The future is malleable. You have free will - and so does everyone else whose actions even slightly interfere with your own. 

That’s why no reader should ever give you any guarantees or assurances - we just can’t because it doesn’t work like that - and you should take any predictions with a mountain of salt. 

And also keep in mind that even the best of the best readers can’t boast 100% accuracy 100% of the time. We can be wrong. Maybe that was genuinely what we saw at the time of the reading, maybe we misinterpreted something, doesn’t mean we’re fakes, just that we’re human.

That said, some readers can make accurate future predictions. I don’t like dealing in predictions but I’ve had some pretty wild ones become scarily accurate. That happens too. I’ve also had some really accurate ones but the timing has been off, some by weeks, some by as much as a year. And everyone has had predictions that couldn’t have been further from what actually came to pass. 

So can a psychic predict something like a proposal? Yes, it’s possible, but I wouldn’t go and buy a wedding dress based purely on a psychic reading. Better for you to sit down and have a serious talk with your boyfriend about where you want and feel your relationship is going. > Can psychics predict events like this? 

Not with pinpoint accuracy.

It's likely that you were told what the psychic believed you wanted to hear. I've heard songs in my dreams I didn't know and found them after waking up and searching. Specific references to the lyrics in the dream. I'll hear the melody and lyrics and everything... then I'll wake up and google it, and it's an actual song. Freaked out the first time it happened. Now it's kind of nice. 

Other times I'll get a familiar song stuck in my head, certain lyrics, as an answer to something. Yes this is natural,

Example you meet X,and you become very happy during those days and you listen to ABCD .. and one day X left you .. 

So when you play ABCD you will start to remember X as this song has been linked towards your emotions at that time.. 

So that music act as link between your Emotion & Thoughts..

Hope that helps ✅ Absolutely [deleted] It’s real ! It’s amazing how they can communicate with you 🥰 I have been talking to them in my dreams. One has visited me twice. He told me to talk to a coworker because we have the same dream often. Turns out he was right. Then he came to me a few nights later and told me to stop sabotaging myself because the universe keeps giving me gifts and I keep doubting I deserve them. It was super uplifting and helpful. How did you get confirmation? I feel like mine is trying but I'm still very very skeptical and subtle stuff is not my strong suit. Did you ask for a specific sign or information or something? Hi, can I chat with you about something personal? I spoke with my guides and several were not human. They showed up. I asked for it. I didn’t agree with what info they gave me though, I’ve considered myself a work in progress. I think I communicated with mine through dousing rods. I just call on them & ask for permission to ask questions. So far I’ve communicated with one who’s genderless, no name & they confirmed they’ve been with me through many lifetimes. The other one also told me they’re genderless & has a name that starts with the letter K if I’m not mistaken. I always ask the rods to point directly to where they’re standing too because I’m never able to see them. I asked & they’re not human or have ever reincarnated as a human for that matter. Are you ok though? You are probably protected by spritual beings/God

Also you might have innate psychic abilities which allows you to have glimpse of the future..

Develop & Treasure it ✅

Use it to your advantage ✅

Don't talk about these to people who are not aligned as it could affect the development of the ability..

My Pov ✅ Become spritual,try to be a vegan lets say for a month vegan then next month eat what u want etc..
Vegan diet is best for our etheric body & our aura..

I suggest u listen to binaural beats such as 528hz ,639hz

Or chant mantra as per your deity with incense  one round  beads per day 

Or
You could wear gem stone as per Astrology chart & it will nurture & grow the abilities.. It’s totally reasonable to drop it until you can get help from a therapist. You have to have your mental faculties in control before diving into the occult. Then when you are ready, do it with a mentor that understands how it affects mental health and is kind. Talk to a doctor about your difficulties. There are treatments available.

If you're at a crisis point, your first directive should be getting yourself on the road to mental wellness. I went through twenty four years of therapy and take meds to manage my mental illness.  In addition to that, I am psychic and the meds do not affect my abilities in the least.  My meds successfully treat my mental issues and make it much easier to deal with being psychic.  The first few years were rough.  My best advice is get medical help, make friends with other psychic people, and have some kind of spiritual belief structure to get you through the hard times.  Once you are mentally sound, it gets much easier dealing with being psychic. So a little background info, I'm living on a native reservation on top of a burial ground with my late relatives buried ways behind the house some ways past our pasture. There's been a gruesome murder of two of our relatives that happened in the early 2000s not too far from the house in the woods a horrible tragedy I didn't find out up until a few months ago, theres MANY child spirits here like atleast 6 so that energy is a lot. There has been a suicide here in the house too which was the cause of my PTSD so that's another reason I'm feeling all the way consumed by death energy and my disorder by staying in this location. I'm thinking of relocating off the reserve hopefully in order to escape for the sake of my sanity 

I hear the ghosts clearly right before I go to bed, and they sound like normal people, not demonic. 
I'm sure I'm not going through psychosis because the mumbles are only when sit in a quiet room after I adjusted to it like after awhile then I hear them very Slightly yet incoherently. Though, Through the white noise of my fan their voices are more present thats how i was able to talk to my deceased sibling (i got confirmation it was). So I ruled psychosis out but ofcourse I need to talk to someone about what I'm experiencing.

I'm taking all of your suggestions here, screenshotting! im very grateful for them! and I was actually planning on therapy for awhile until it all came crashing down and things felt hopeless, thanks to your support I'm going to focus on my mental health and get help. Thank you for your suggestions! Ah you dove in too fast man.

This path is the most difficult thing in the world to do 

Just know, you can drop it at any time

If you want, you can learn to build a mental shield, keep out external thoughts, that way you know what is you and what isn't 

From there, mindfulness and therapy would help.

But you have some gifts that you can master.

For me, it was active visualization and breathing meditation that helped me. Hi there, my deepest sympathies to you on your path. I have had similar intrusive psychic phenomena and I completely agree - I do not want it at all. Here's what I have found has helped:

\- Study Dzogchen Buddhism. Particularly, Dudjom Linda's lineage. The deal with him is he is expressly acute about so many basic rules of consciousness that FINALLY made sense and grounded me and allowed me to take charge of everything I was thinking/feeling/living. 

\- You must detox your body. Heavy toxic metals when in the brain or nervous system will actually get heated up when you have a lot of nerve impulses (say during times of stress or emotion). When these metals get heated up they oxidize and corrode all the nervous tissue next to them (which causes terrible mood swings and other symptoms). Look up the **Medical Medium book by Anthony Williams** \- he also has an amazing Facebook page. If you can do his heavy metal detox routine I guarantee you you will feel incredible relief within 2 weeks (if you do it everyday). 

Prayers, deep peace, and best of luck to you gentle friend. It sounds like you have spirit attachments (also called entity attachments). They feast off your low level energy (fear, lust, greed, hatred, sadness, etc). They spend a great amount of time trying to upset you simply to feed off your reaction (fear, sadness, etc) and the low level energy that this radiates. 

You sound like you are an hsp (highly sensitive person) or empath. These spirits are very attracted to this personality type as you are very sensitive to spiritual energy as well as to most things in life. Your strong energy attracts them. 

In the short term, you can learn to rid yourself of low level energy. This will frustrate them and sometimes they will just look around for another sensitive type to attach to and disappear from your life. 

Give up alcohol and drugs and porn if you use any of these. Learn to meditate. Thich Nhat Hanh wrote a very good book called The Miracle of Mindfulness: An Introduction to the Practice of Meditation. Learn to meditate while walking. You need to learn to keep your mind in the present (the here and now) to avoid dwelling on the past, and worrying about your future. These spirits feed off the stress and worry from these thoughts. 

Also, you need to stop fearing these attached spirits, which again, only gives them the energy they crave. Understand that they are themselves lost and confused. They died and instead of going into the Light, they were somehow misdirected. Often these types committed suicide or died suddenly and violently, and so in this state of dark grief and confusion they ended up getting lost.

In some ways they are like junkies. They hate what they're doing, hurting innocent people, but they need a fix (low level energy) and they cannot help themselves. They can do a lot of damage to peoples' lives and relationships in much the same way that junkies do. 

You might want to read a book by William J. Baldwin called Healing Lost Souls: Releasing Unwanted Spirits From Your Energy Body. He is dead now, but helped thousands of people like yourself to detach from these spirits. He helped these spirits to finally find their way into the Light and most of them were very eager to go. 

You can always seek out a Shaman who specializes in (has a lot of experience with) removing dark entity attachments. But being a highly sensitive person, you will continue to be at risk of attracting new ones unless you learn how to live a more mindful and conscious life (free from radiating low level energy).

I hope this helps. 💚 I'm sorry for your suffering. It sounds really difficult. Especially at 18 years old. I don't have any real experience with what you're dealing with, however i have recently been doing "the gateway experience" its a type of enhanced meditation for lack of a better word. It was developed by this guy Robert Monroe who started experiencing out of body experiences. He would travel to the astral realm. And encounter all sorts of entities like the ones you are describing. Also positive entities. He kept exploring anyways and in the process gained some wisdom and tools to deal with them among other benefits.
You sound like a powerful person that could use guidance on how to deal with with that power. I really think it could help you. It teaches you how to harness and direct your bodys energy.

It's really changed my life in unbelievable ways and I've just barely scratched the surface but I can do some minor telekinesis since I've been doing it.

The gateway experience is so powerful in fact that the CIA classified it for like 30 years. 

Maybe you already know about it but if not at least look into it. If nothing else I'm sending peace and love your way. Commenting to respond later I'm so sorry you're struggling. It's overwhelming. I had something in the shower with me this morning and it completely threw me off. I'm used to odd things happening now, but it was still unnerving. That's a very private place for most people, to relax and be alone. You feel slightly invaded. 

You have to have this weird balance of acceptance, like you can't fight it or make it go away completely, but you can set boundaries and control the way you approach it. I used to get freaked out with every sign, every noise, every voice. The truth is, just like everyday sounds, some of them just don't matter. It's like the hum of a washing machine, or the tick of a clock. You'll pick up energy that's around you, and it's just kinda background noise sometimes. 

Now, it's honestly kind of comforting knowing someone is always listening, I don't like being alone, so there's always someone to talk to. But I didn't always feel this way. At first it kinda feels awful. 

For direct spirit/entity communication, I've found that they have a hard time comprehending time, and how it works here. My guide gets it and respects it, and won't overload me with too much at once. Literally everything else I interact with is so excited, so desperate to talk, that they will drive you insane trying to communicate. There's no easy off button. I don't have as strong a connection with other spirits (or whatever you'd like to call them) so I'm able to force the volume down, and sleep, or eat, or work, without constant interruptions. A few get through and I ignore them unless they are important.

I think the other side means well, but they just don't get how exhausting it is to be human, never mind a highly tuned-in one. We're processing so much information, all the time, from 5 different sources, and filtering it to the right people. Putting it in words they'll understand, phrasing it perfectly so they get the message but we don't freak them out. 

It's a heck of a gift. It's a difficult process to get used to. But I promise you, it will get easier. Back off for a bit, take care of yourself, and trust your gut. You know more than you think, and the world needs more sensitives. You got this. 💙 You have leaks and holes in your vessel/your body and mind. 

You need to get to full health to stop it. 

In this society the whole objective is to destroy your health. Which it seems has happened.

If you read the book We Want to Live by Aajonus Vonderplanitz you can regain your health and start to rebuild yourself.

It's the only way to stop them from doing what they do.

The djinn don't care for anything but the fact they are able to get in and won't stop until they can't get at you anymore. Sometimes it can be hard to tell the difference between actual spiritual interactions and our mind creating scenarios. For example, my best friend and my mother are both bipolar and when they aren’t medicated they see angels and demons. But on their medication they don’t. So they aren’t actually seeing angels and demons, they are just hallucinations. Whereas I am a medium and I do speak to the dead. Do you see the difference?

What I am getting at is that maybe these are not spirits. Maybe you are experiencing a mental health crisis and your mind is inventing these things. My niece is schizophrenic and often hears things around her exactly like what you described but when she takes her medication she doesn’t hear anything. 

It’s hard because sometimes people are under legitimate spiritual attack and sometimes it is mental illness. But you can’t diagnose yourself either way, you need a professional to help you figure out what’s happening. 

I think a psychological evaluation can help you. Can you get treated by a doctor? When things with entities get too wild, you can pray to God. I don't know if you're part of a religion,  but if you pray to a positive entity, It will help you. You could also pray to Raphael, Michael, Maria or Jesus  whatever works best for you You’re free to leave, nothing is stopping you from ending this, I promise. You have to be confident, otherwise you’ll still be victim and seen as weak You pretty much jumped a few needed steps. Tbh your I think you're compromised, your best bet is therapy just don't take their medicine. Gain back control of your mind and if you want spiritual enlightenment stick to meditation for this life. Haaaaave you met my friend pot? I know it's not for everyone but perhaps a nice indica? Cuz it will put you *indacouch* Set up clear boundaries. It helps to write out a specific list of who can and cannot channel through. Once it’s written out, read it aloud. You may want to read it aloud each time before you meditate/channel for a while. You can and should have complete control over who you allow to channel through. I had pre cognitive ability at 8 years old and then it went dormant for a number of years.  When I turned 22 it came roaring back along with other gifts.  It has been getting stronger since then and I am in my late 30's now.  In my case, trauma brings it out.  I was working as a 911 operator when I was 22 and all the traumas associated with that job intensified my abilities.  The interesting thing is that I have a low stress job now and my abilities keep getting stronger.  When I worked in emergency services, I used my abilities to save more than a few lives. Usually the mind starts to reach its final growth around 21 years, so let's say that after a few years of stabilization, around 25, you can start to get more and more awareness and control I guess I'm a late bloomer (35+). My change came when I was face to face with something I thought was impossible. I do recall winning cakes (many) at church picnics (roulette), repetitive dreams and felt different that everyone else in my pre-teens. 

However, from my teens on, I seemed to find trouble more than avoid it and I was closed off to the possibility so even when something would occur, I would just explain it away. I'll say I had a lot of growing to do before being made aware of my abilities. Same experience, not much if anything happened before 18-19 or so. After that, boom Not sure. I been seeing and doing everything when I was 5 years old my mom and family would tell me things. On what I did and tell them. But I still have answers I’m 25 years old. 😅 I saw stuff as a kid, it sort of stopped with random stuff every several years but in my 50s it all came back and then some.. They usually get their affairs in order before the funeral and if all goes well, they cross over fully to the other side after the funeral.  It has been my experience that most deceased folks attend their own funeral which is why it is important for people to go.  As people who can hear folks on or near the other side, it puts us in a position where we can render aid to them by bridging the gap.  That being said, it is a two way street and folks on the other side of things can be full of helpful information regarding events over here.  Welcome to the club and feel free to dm me if you have any questions. Something similar happened to me. My grandpa died during COVID and didn’t want a funeral. A few of us went to say goodbye to his body before he was cremated. I told him goodbye and heard him say his goodbyes back, clear as day. I’ve tried to say hi to him afterwards and haven’t heard another reply. Sometimes the timeframe can get muddled.  It is important to be patient and not rush things.  Love usually strikes when you least expect it.  These sorts of predictions are far from an exact science.  Think of it as a heads up to be alert and receptive to a coming positive change.  We attract that which we project. I’m not an expert, but I’m just sharing my experience. I also had readings done that said June, June 22 to be exact. And that time has came and gone, and I’m still single. But…. A lot of other things have changed!!!! I figured out how to love myself, walk away from what I thought I wanted. So I’m thinking possibly, maybe the love I was searching for in my soul, was for myself . And maybe that was picked up in my readings. Yes, or it's best to assume that it'll happen on its own schedule and never reveal itself to you till it wants to.

I've been waiting for some things for years now and I can feel it's close, but none of my efforts have gotten me anywhere and it's probably time to just go without it for a few years longer. if ANYBODY can give u exact times/dates they're usually a fake. I'm assuming these readings were done a month or two in advance from June. most *psychics* predicts things that far in advance for 2 things

1) not thinking you will come back

2) to pump more info from u if u do come back and then tell u they meant something else.

for example-you will find love in October. then when it doesn't happen they will follow with *have u met anybody new? or any new changes?* and when u say yes then they say *i meant u will find love in urself, or new friendship r hobby r whatever it is NEW ur doing. Anyone who predicts a timeframe should have their word taken with a grain of salt. Timeframes change by the second and are rarely accurate. I generally have a difficult time with channeled information... and I've been doing this for a while now. I would be cautious about readers that offer you glimpses of everything you thought you wanted at the time. It is not insane at all.  This is perfectly natural.   A long time ago, all people were far more in tune with the worlds around them.  It appears that things are shifting back to the way they used to be.  I had insomnia for a few years and take doctor prescribed medication to sleep.  When we first start having psychic experiences it can be a bit shocking and hard to adjust.  Eventually with enough time and experience, you will learn to accept this aspect of yourself and it will be your new normal. No i don't get visions, cuz i m kinda insomniac and overthinking all the time which inturn don't lemme have visions so i m all on it. My thoughts gives me immense out of the world experience. So wat i usually do is make a note and try to connect maybe multiple visions wud have the answers. Yup will do I do not get visions regularly. I do have a story:

Many years ago, I was praying/meditating on the issue of a freind whom I had doubts about. I was concerned about authenticity, pretense, manipulation, etc.

As I was in prayer/meditation, I saw a beautiful woman approach me. I was so glad to see her as she was a friend, you know, the kind you need when you just seperated from your husband and were looking for support and connection to new people.

As she approached me, I noticed that her dress flipped open at the skirt and I glimpsed her leg for a moment. It was scaley, thick skinned and brown. Then I noticed her face and hair, changing before my eyes from lovely and smooth to ugly and wrinkled, monstrous.... Her beautiful dress fell off and she really was a monster.. 

Turns out, she was all the bad things you don't want in a new friend. I ended that friendship and was better off. I learned to look at obvious red flags and not dismiss them. The 'vision' was, in my opinion a warning that many women, including myself  wouldn't have needed if they were not vulnerable. Visions can be potent.  If you study with an experienced person, you can learn to control them. It is the common trait that all humans have where they can sense when they are being watched by another person. The biological phenomenon is known as “gaze detection” or “gaze perception.” Neurological studies have found that the brain cells that initiate this response are very precise. If someone turns their gaze off of you by turning just a few degrees to their left or right, that eerie feeling quickly fades. thought transmission Does it happen with everyone or has it happened with some specific people? Where you place your focus is where you place your energy.

If your mind (not your eyes) is focused on something/someone it can be felt.  
This tho requires just a glimpse of clarity from the other party. this is an example of "The Law of Attraction" practice grounding and aura clearing, usually done while meditating and intentionally throughout the day. it’s easy to take on others energy when you’re around them or interacting with them. having a strong, clean aura will strengthen in protection around you. regular grounding will neutralize and release any energy that does get trapped in your aura. [deleted] A psychic shield should keep most foreign energies out of your systems. And regular grounding should address any that slip through.

EDIT: though I've read somewhere that this is a natural process... as in, us taking on the energies of the people around us. It might leave you feeling groty though so grounding and shielding ought to give you some peace of mind (and cleansing will also help.) Everyone is psychic actually.they just need to tap into their power.It's been really long time I'm in this sub people always posting things like "am I....am I special??" God.you can tap into your powers that's great but please I hate this kind of attitude. The only people really trying to make it sound like something special are those working professionally as psychics. That’s part of their sales technique. Especially the ones who rely on cold reading instead of actual psychic ability. 

Here is my take, we don’t have a soul. We ARE a soul having a human experience. That soul is a spark of the divine. So it’s not that we have special interest from the divine. Rather those who are in tune are simply more open to and aware of the divine’s involvement. It’s still a completely normal and average level of interest on the divine’s part. 

I also see psychic abilities manifesting through intuition (regardless of which of the 4 clairs you have). Intuition is just your subconscious mind processing more things than you conscious mind can manage. So you aren’t aware of how you get the info or conclusion, but you get them nonetheless. 

So basically, being psychic (for real) is just allowing your innate divinity to work and you using your brain. Two completely natural things that we have romanticized these days thanks media and other factors. Being psychic does not make you better or worse than anyone else.  It can be a royal pain in the ass sometimes.  Human nature is inclined toward creating and clinging to labels.  There is no need to give what you are experiencing a specific name.  The best thing to focus on is learning how to develop and manage these abilities and to lead a healthy balanced life. I started journaling on my computer. I titled my document 'Awareness'. I have headings in which i date, then describe the scenario that may or may not be claircognizant (my gift).. then I rate it according to how spiritual vs logical I think my issue is..

Then, I can follow up and see how it plays out. By doing it on a document, I don't confide in another person, which can skew things up, but go only on intuition, claircognizance or find out it didn't take a rocket scientist and my issue was based on subtle but logical cues...

I have a few 'tests' to help me determine if a 'impression' is claircognizance or logic... First, how did the impression come to me? Second, how 'loud' was it? Third, what are any logical or reasonable facts or conclusions that could have led to this?

One example I have had:

   A friend shared with me that a family member was in remission from breast cancer. the thought "This is a temporary reprieve in her journey" came to my mind strong and clear. I don't know why I get these impressions, however I gave my friend support, but since that time, this cancer patient has been traveling down the path of unsuccessful chemotherapy, now radiation therapy .... everyone has psychic abilities it’s natural not a superpower it’s basic stuff people just forgot “Not I”, said the goose. I have the gift & simply don’t “tap” into. It gives me anxiety. Psychics and mediums wannabes are the worst... it´s also what we the see most around here. I´d say you have sensibility. I don´t see the need to lable what you are, you can be many things. The only tip I can give you, is to always pay attention to your mental health because the energy field of sensible people tends to be more vulnerable. It sounds like you’re being guided to do just that—explore your psychic abilities more. Don’t question it or overthink the journey, just follow the unfolding. ✨ When I went through something similar a few years ago, I read as much as I could get my hands on. One neat book that was easily digestible to start with is Sherri Dillard’s “Discover Your Psychic Type.” Feel what you’re guided to and what resonates with you the most. Yeah I know what you mean. For ages I was overwhelmed by all the things I was experiencing and when I finally accepted them for what they are, I now know I have these abilities for a reason. The reason can change and can take a while to realise what it is but at the end it's worth it. 

It sounds to me you are an empath (feeling people's energies of some level) and have clairaudience. You can have more than one of clair abilities so have a read on all of them and how to practise triggering them. I personally have clairvoyance (I had dreams of things that actually happened somewhere else in the world before it was announced in the news. And no I never dreamed of the future. It's either things in the past or present) and claircognizance. Claircognizance is the dominant clair ability for me as info just appears in my brain out of nowhere for example a friend getting a new job or breaking up with their partner while being abroad on the other side of the world. I knew about these and when I messaged them, I was asked how I knew as it happened 5 mins ago. I have a lot of deja vus which I now recognise as claircognizance and I'm no longer shocked when it occurs but it's sometimes difficult to explain to others how I know things who don't believe that these abilities exist. 

I believe everyone has these abilities in their subconscious brain but some people can trigger them naturally while some people need some practice or realisation they exist. I have the belief that “psychic abilities” (umbrella term) are actually a natural part of human  existence, but many people are unaware of them.

I think of psychic abilities as extra senses. Some people are more aware of here senses than others, but would have extreme difficulty describing these senses to another person, so it’s difficult to teach others how to experience these senses. However, it can be done.

The psychic abilities aren’t a gift at all, they are a natural part of the human experience. However, to have an awareness of them and being able to utilise them is something we should be grateful for. Some people are naturally amazing singers. Some people aren’t talented but get better with practice. But everyone has the ability (: Think of Hinduism, which acknowledges that we are each the divine vs. Christianity, which focuses on a one and only messiah narrative. I think many of us take on that mindset of "the chosen one" when we are all truly chosen by the divine, each for our own purpose. Psychic abilities are a manifestation of our unique connection to the divine. Here’s the truth no one wants to hear. Everyone wants to be psychic simply because that word is  the lowest form of human comprehension in the world that could be created with someone with ACTUAL supernatural gifts and everyone thinks they have them. Some people are actually shamans, gatekeepers, ancient beings, high priestess and etc. And then you have regular humans wanting to be “psychic”. Being called psychic for some people is so insulting because it’s barely scratching the surface of what some people can do. 
“Psychic” abilities are either given to people who have a role in the spiritual realm or have something specifically in their DNA. It’s such a ignorant comment when someone says “all of us have unawakened psychic gifts” which is completely false. All people have an intuition and a third eye and we all can astral project, not a gift.  And the ones who use “psychic” sometimes benefit off of peoples vulnerability in the situation they’re in. Tarot readers like to call themselves psychic as well when anyone can read cards. There’s a distinct difference between trying to act special and then actually being special. There’s not as many psychics as you think. The ones with extraordinary gifts are in hiding because some people don’t wanna be used as weapons by the government. People wonder why mermaids are in hiding and look at where the world is at in present time. Alot of people can’t comprehend they’re way more “psychic” gifts then what’s found on google. That’s for sure. If you are able to access other dimensions which are present here, you can experince different realities. When rules are not preventing flying, go fly. But everyone else is also flying in this other plane, so it is not something rare anymore. 

The so called "psychic" powers occur when your connection with any other dimension and this one is strong. This creates some type of an energy bridge and creates a possibility of totally foreign energies existing in this plane through you. Except some rare cases, the affects are usually visible only on other people and occurs especially when you have a close connection with them and if the other person is receptive to you. It is much rarer to see any affects on objects, animals, plants, places etc. because, you are human and your system is compatible with other humans by default. In a case where the energy brought is unable to live outside your body or mind, only you perceive the changes. In these cases we seek people who are having similar experiences. We use clues to express what kind of a thing we are having and if you express these to wrong people or have difficulties on expressing yourself, you may get tagged with insulting adjectives or mental ilness claims. We still seek help and call out because, why not one day find actual people who are actually accessing these unexpeted planes as us.

Calling any type of foerign energy good or bad is just a projection of our daily mind. The thing is less about intentions of an energy and more about the compatibility of an energy. For example, you find a new type but when you want to bring it in fully, bad experiences emerge. This only means that you are having synchronization issues. Horror is of course normal because, compatibility issues may go as dangerous as death or maybe even worse. Think about your head and your body having sycnronization issues, or your brain not being compatible to your hearth or organs etc. Things would get fucked up of course. Similarly, one type of energy may totally conflict with another one. Im not psychic.  Its overwhelming I just called it being tuned in. We all have the radio. Everyone IS a psychic though. I love how this post has 82% up vote rate, but the idiots talking about how they can speak to others souls if they touch the tip of their nose 5 times get close to 100% up vote rate 

This is probably the best post ever made in this sub which isn't saying much Everyone is psychic to a degree, just about honing in on it. Look into chakras if you want to increase your knowledge. i think that we are all intrinsically unique and connected infinitely. our journey and purpose are incomparable. just because we are different does not mean we have to tune into our ego and say we are superior. we are all special in our ways (:. that's what i think i also definitely think you are an empath. your ability to tune in is a gift but ik how draining it can be. i personally want to explore this myself and gain awareness of how this can empower me more.  I was literally talking about this with my boyfriend. He wants me to market my astrology services more but I am so into science and believe there is science and data behind astrology, yet there are so many people that are condescending and just "hey look at me" about their craft and "wisdom" about metaphysical sciences. I am very interested in science, medicine, and the idea that God/The Divine can be synonymous and in sync with these.. but I just don't want to be labeled a certain way or have it take away from other more widely respected subjects that I am good at.

&#x200B;

 He was explaining that there was this girl in school who dressed like a witch and had all of her stuff with her. I rolled my eyes. Not in judgment but it's such an obvious, "look how superior I am than you." It happens even within religion. There are people online who love to preach bout how they are a a"priestess" and they do not work for the client, and that the client cannot always get what they want. lmao like calm down Hocus Pocus. 

&#x200B;

 We all have natural and distinctive capabilities and we all have the ability to lean into this more unseen part of the world and bring it into fruition. No one is more or less special than anyone else in that regard. I have also noticed myself in particular I can read moments before they happen. I imagine there are so many people that this has happened to.

&#x200B;

 I was doing laundry the other day and I was outside in Chicago and was out on my back porch and saw this older lady on her back porch. I remember thinking to myself in my head it was so nice to see her. Because she is older and I lived at my apartment since start of pandemic and I have never spoke to her but she has kind of been like a "theme" in my life. She is very old so I remember smiling and thinking "It's so good to see her out right now enjoying the sun." I wanted to wave to her but I wanted to spare myself future awkward moments where I felt forced to have to wave and say hi to her. So I decided not to. Suddenly she waved at me and smiled from her balcony, and I smiled and waved back and was fascinated with that encounter. 

&#x200B;

 I am appreciative of the tools astrology has become over centuries that ancestors have developed. I have used astrology time and time again in my life and find it very accurate and practical. It's nature. I predicted Britney Spears' baby announcement a day before it happened prior to the Jupiter-Neptune conjunction in 2022. What I am getting at is, yes there are people that are in it for the shock factor or to feel superior, but many people are genuinely trying to explore and get more in tune with metaphysical sciences to learn more about the world and themselves, and this universe. Personally I want to discover what happens after we die, and I am on the search for truth, and truth that I can prove. Because if I can confirm that death in this realm is not the end, then who knows what progress can be made without the lingering fear and dread of death. 

&#x200B;

 Try to be open-minded, and maybe give some compassion to people who use it as a means just to feel that they have a role or some sort of purpose. Even the condescending spiritualists who just want to feel validated. Look at them as some cute kindergartener and you will grow less annoyed. lol human beings are hilarious little creatures (myself included) and I don't mean this in a God-Complex sort of way. There’s no such things as psychics The voices/images you see while falling asleep is actually totally normal and is called “hypnogogia”, a very common phenomenon to experience while falling asleep. I used to experience the **same exact** thing & mistake it as “visions” until I learned about hypnogogia and the odd effects that it can have on the human mind. 

That being said - having extremely vivid dreams can often be a sign of a gift. You mention having dreams where you receive messages from what you perceive as a higher power - could you elaborate on this a bit more? Also, have your dreams only recently taken on these meaningful aspects, or have you always had meaningful/coherent dreams? Do you have normal dreams with occasional meaningful ones, or do you have meaningful ones more frequently, or even always? I’m very interested by this, as I also have very vivid dreams and your experience sounds very similar to mine. As everyone is saying everyone is psychic BUT I get where you’re coming from. I think what you’re sensing is the ego and it is very real. The ego wants to be seen as psychic so it can feel special and get attention, as opposed to just being psychic and living life. I don’t think either are bad, the human experience is really complicated. I dont have to "feel" what my wife is thinking, I can actually hear her in my head at times asking a question to which I awnser out loud. I've done this well over 100 times. We have an intense connection and I believe we have been together before in a past life. I have strong feelings. And when I know something is wrong I tell him not to go or warn him. So far I'm right. And he will call me or text me when something is wrong. I've read about this happening but have not experienced it yet. Congrats on having such an intimate relationship. Have you had conversations telepathically? In my experience talking to animals I hear what they are saying as a voice in my head in English.

FYI: r/Telepathy It happened with someone I used to date who I was close with. Crazy stuff. Is both being mentally and emotionally unstable made it an absolute roller coaster but still interesting I describe my ability as 'claircognizant'... I 'know' things... things about other people, other's walk in their journey in life... For me it's difficult as I'm not always sure if it isn't my own mind thinking to myself. 

I wish to cultivate this gift simply for my benefit and other's if helpful. Right now, I'm determined to keep it to myself because others think I'm nuts. I'm not sure whether we are twin flames but have it with one of my female friends all the time! We even play telepathy games sometimes! It’s just the energy around specific body parts, their chakras. Mouth could be sacral or throat, eyes third eye, etc. Nobody controls your intuition. Your intuition is the cumulative knowledge of all infinity, it's your direct connection to the universe. 

It is your inner self. It is your soul, timeless and infinite glimpsing itself in that moment. Your intuition is a deep knowing without knowing how you know. Lol Another name for intuition is the subconscious.  Our senses perceive way more than we are consciously aware of.  Things in our peripheral vision, sounds and voices in the background, micro facial expressions, subtle changes in voice tone, smells from afar.  Our subconscious gathers and stores massive amounts of information all the time.  We would be overwhelmed if we had to consciously acknowledge all that information so we are only consciously aware of the important things or whatever it is we are focussed on at any one moment.  However all the information we harvest both consciously and unconsciously is stored and is retrievable.  This has been tested and proven.  Under hypnosis you have total recall, under hypnosis you can recall details and information that you were at first not aware of consciously.

Having studied psychology for a great number of years.  I’m a freelance body language analyst.  A certified hypnotherapist, an accredited CBT practitioner and…a tarot reader, IMHO Intuition has nothing to do with the universe, it isn’t being psychic, it’s not telepathy. It has nothing to do with auras or any of that nonsense.  Intuition is a natural cognitive function.  Intuition is accessing, listening and acknowledging signals and messages from the subconscious. Your intution is part of your soul…. your soul emulates colors which is your aura,  your soul is your guide and your absolute biggest cheerleader for life,  what is important is that your clairs - Clairsentience- clairvoyance- Claircognizance etc.. all come from the soul.. you can not be who you are without your soul…. So maybe some teaching will help you …   One thing that may help is that your spirit and soul work together….. so the spirit is the spark and the soul is the engine… you need both to live… your spirit provides the spark to the soul and the soul is the dedication and the strength to get you through your life… much love and comments appreciated It could be described, if it at all helps, as a version of you. You as a being can strengthen it or attempt to by exercising it. Mind game if you will with verification. The spiritual body or creativeness tapping into the analytical for processing and receiving. Intuition is different from intelligence. Your inner self controls it. By what you feel around it. Does it make you feel negative emotions, maybe uncomfortable physical sensations, do you just have a bad gut feeling about it? These are all common indicators No need to check.  Properly cleanse the object of what is on it and any bad energies attached to it will be gone.  There are a number of ways to cleanse an object.  You can bury it in the ground for a time.  You can submerge it in a natural stream of running water or the ocean.  You can also bury it in salt.  The author Scott Cunningham wrote a number of useful books and one in particular regarding crystals and metals that covers these procedures. Sounds like you are doing just fine so far.  Psychometry can be interesting.  I am curious as to what got you started in the first place? Good going. Just make sure you are not pushing yourself too much to do anything. Go slow and steady but not too slow lol. 1st pls don’t think this is your fault or his mothers fault 2ndly someone needs to explain how BC works to this man and 3rdly if he still won’t stop being paranoid- he needs to grow some balls and I mean that with as much love and compassion as possible. He clearly doesn’t understand the female body nor how BC works. And if you STILL got pregnant which is 1000% unlikely it would be miracle. 
Also visions can subjective. There could have been a turning point in your relationship with him and his mother saw very far into the future. Pregnancy vision could also mean new things are coming and will come fruition. It can mean the conception of new jobs, new relationships, interest etc. A pregnancy vision is not just subjective to physical pregnancy. To me personally I would say it’s a vision regarding the depth of the relationship and could very well be a far future event. Your bf needs to relax and not be paranoid. He can have a vasectomy! Problem solved! Is the boyfriends mother aware you're infertile. Maybe an adoption in the future that you accept as your own. Maybe a surrogate. Perhaps this is not helpful, I don't mean any disrespect; but this is an example of why I don't share my 'claircognizance' impressions with people...

I'm sure MIL meant well and may be looking forward to grandchildren however, it is not her business whether or not you are infertile, will become pregnant or whatever.

I jot these impressions on a computer document and follow to see what happens. I think this kind of revelation is meant only for the person who receives it.... If it does become true, there may be a temptation for MIL or anyone to  think.."See, I knew it".... It could be that the mother saw what she wanted to see (grandchildren in her future.) sounds like you experienced astral projection. it’s easy to do when you also experience sleep paralysis. side note- when these things are happening, your body is asleep but your brain/mind awake and functioning in that realm. breathing quickly will trigger your brain to wake up your body in case something is wrong. great trick to use if you can’t wake up out of sleep paralysis. on the flip side, if you are experiencing any of these things including lucid dreaming intentionally and want to continue, keep your breathing regular so you don’t wake up. You could talk to your higher self. I just say to myself "I connect now with my higher self for communication" and then thank my higher self after I've used the pendulum. I had this happen yesterday I was staring at seltzer water considering getting it then ten feet from me in a line two woman started talking about seltzer water. It was really weird. So you’re not the only person this happens to. I’m not sure how it happens with strangers but I have had relatives project thoughts to me and me to them recently as well. I’ve accidentally projected a cuss word at someone before too. I felt horrible about that. I was in a restaurant once and the waitress asked me what I wanted.  I had been thinking strongly about the salad with grilled shrimp and red wine vinaigrette dressing, but verbally ordered the prime rib special.  She then brought me the exact salad that I had been strongly considering.  I told her that was not what I ordered, but I had been thinking about this exact salad so I would be ok keeping it.  I could tell that she was upset and knew that something odd had happened.  I left a big tip and thanked her for the great salad.  It sometimes unnerves people when they learn that their thoughts can be heard or that they can hear the thoughts of others.  Be alert to see if it happens again and if it does then you will have your answer. Nothing is a coincidence. You were picking up on her thoughts. If she said it right after, you were having the same thought simultaneously. I personally have difficulty with this kind of encounter.

First, I do document this interaction on my computer to think about whether or not it was truly physic or not.

I would say that it appears to be that there was a connection of thoughts about the ice cream melting. On the other hand, in the every day world of people waiting in line to purchase something like ice cream, it would be normal and non spiritual for any person to think 'the ice cream is going to melt".... Sounds like thought transmission to me. Nothing is a coincidence we are all divinely connected Spirit showed you their true heart and their potential so you, as a friend, could encourage them. Your belief in your friend will help them understand their own potential as well. It is a wonderful thing, a friend once helped me believe in myself. I am forever grateful to her. Bless you, babe, keep up the good work! You should try teleporting to the moon for that sweet kryptonite and then use your super powers to shoot lasers out of your eyes Belief is a powerful thing.

There are various methods of warding against spirits from different cultures that you could use for her room and your home. Whatever you choose, I recommend involving your daughter in it. I think it's harmless even for a non-believer to go "okay sweetheart, here's a magic stone that can keep the brown lady away" and putting a piece of black tourmaline or some amethyst (there are some cute carvings I've seen over on eBay of amethyst fairies) on her bookshelf.

The symbol might be scary for her so I'd hide it, but the evil eye is strongly coming to me for protection in this case.

You can also make a 'monster spray'. Put a piece of black Tourmaline into a spray bottle, add some white glitter (what little girl doesn't love glitter?), and charge water under moonlight or sunlight, whichever resonates more. Add a few drops of lavender essential oil or peppermint. Spritz from the bottle into her room/on her bedding when you tuck her in at night. To help her personalize it and feel part of it take her to get some stickers that she can put on her bottle. The really important part here is the ritual of it - make it with her, have her involved in it so her own power charges it and she knows that there's a feeling of safety from these things. Hi,
Hope everything is okay.

I use to see spirits when I was younger but it goes away so don’t worry too much about it. I was around her age when I started seeing them but you have to remind her that nothing can hurt her and that you’ll always be there for her. My parents would put Quran that would be on repeat in all our rooms to get the encounters to stop and it did. But I know everyone’s religion and beliefs are different so you do whatever feels right🙏🏻 Both of my sons (3 & 5) are very connected to the spirit world and as I’m understanding and learning more, the newest-to-earth-in-this-lifetime souls are. We smudge weekly or when we feel led to and I have my kids do it with me. We also take energy cleansing baths (1 cup sea salt/Himalayan salt, crystals, fresh fruit, herbs) when either one of the kids seems to be going through something or experiencing more activity. 
I have also taught them both to put their “protection bubbles” around them when they feel nervous or scared. Have them envision themselves in a bubble that is emitting bright white light. Nothing bad can happen inside that bubble- they are protected from anything and everything. You can make it into a game even! 
As others have said, keep an open conversation and believe what she sees and has to say. 
Everything will be ok! My daughter just came to me crying 2 nights ago as well, she’s 12. She saw a manlike shadow next to her bed, she went to the bathroom and she saw what she described at lights in there. She sketched it for me and it looked like symbols in my opinion. 
I myself have been dealing with these spirits/demons for a few years. They keep being sent to me. They just try to annoy me and bring chaos into my life and problems. The more and more it happens the stronger I become and they leave me alone . 
I spoke to my daughter and told her not to be afraid, they can’t curt us. I was as open as I could be with her for her age. Did not want to overwhelm her. She slept with me that night and last night she slept in her bedroom again as if nothing happened. Best thing you can do is teach her not to be frightened of them. Children learn by how adults act. Don’t convince her she’s not there, acknowledge that she sees the spirits, and reassure her they mean her no harm, and they just are curious to talk to her / see her because normally, people can’t see them. 

The best thing to do is not to be scared of them. They can feed off that energy. If they’re bothering you, tell them politely this is your home and you’d like them to leave. If they’re quiet and don’t bother you, just leave them be. I personally feel like most of them just want people to acknowledge that they see them Lots of good advice here. I’m also wondering if you could hire a medium to come and talk with Ms. Walpole and maybe help her cross over. Or at least communicate to her that she needs to stop scaring the little one. I’m Pyschic medium clairvoyant. Reading this story gave me goosebumps. That’s Spirit giving me conformation it’s truth. The best thing u can do for ur little girl is not to dismiss her. She wasn’t scared so the lady was a nice spirit. The spirit wants to say hi. You’ll have to take each day as it comes. I can feel Ur daughter is very sensitive. I’m picking up she’s very close to u. Like I say. For us children that see things. The nicest and kindest thing is to be believed and accepted. I hope that’s helpful. The spirit lady is still attached to her home. 🤍 When I was a child I would see spirits and shadow people all the time. Best thing you can do is listen to her, validate her, and let her know if she ever gets scared to pray, pray that the light touches them and they’ll go away. Nothing. No need to be worried. Spirits will make themselves visible to children for a variety of reasons. The best thing for this type of entity is for you to acknowledge them, to say "hi there, we are here for peaceful purposes, this is our family, we are kind" and sort of wave *goodbye* to them. You could sage the house, get the house all smoked up, every corner nook and cranny.  It will stink for a while but it should calm things down Talk to her and explain things. She will understand. She will be a mentor because she sees spirits. I was like this myself as a child. My grandmother and father helped me understand. They helped me know that spirits are not dangerous.

If you’re not sure how to treat this join the r/mediums group and ask questions. They can help and support you. do not force them to sin. spirits are awesome if you know how to talk with them. remember they appreciate perfection :) Take them to an experienced physiatrist to rule out possible hallucinations and make sure nothing else is going on. Although, sounds like she is really in touch with a sprit. If you rule phyc issues out, be honest with them, they have a gift and they need to learn how to interpret those interactions. Help them to know coming from a place of understanding why the spirit  needs to be contscting them will help lessen the threat. Maybe even help give them the strength to get rid of it.

It's rare the child is scared. If they have that gift. It's just how they understand the world. Prolly let them know, not everyone has it or will understand. So it is concerning she is scared. Particularly if this is the first time. Could be a negative sprit. If that is the case you need to change the fungsway of the place and practice positive energy affirmations. (I am clairvoyant and find that if I am focused on negativity or when I had toxic roommates activity would happen v. Having a clean, copacetic home nothing would happen)

Also, maybe reach out to other credible adults with that gift to help give them some advice. Weird idea but - have you considered playing gregorian chants (catholic) at night? Christ Jesus and psychiatrist. Read John 3:16-18, teach your children about belief in son of God = eternal life and forgiveness and friendship with our heavenly father. Also, your child may be hallucinating- see a psychiatrist. Dont encourage them to seek out spirits.evil spirits can come after you and your child.but Christ can protect you of course, he's bigger and more powerful than all of them combined and on your side of you believe in him :) peace be with you Anxiety is said to manifest sometimes as recurring dreams (which if you've been feeding the anxiety with more anxiety about the dream's possible meaning, is probably going to get worse.)

Sometimes dreams are just dreams. Not everything is a sign and not everything has to be a sign. I used to have dreams like that.  They ended when I practiced lucid dreaming.  The scenarios would repeat until I became aware I was dreaming. I sent you a message. I might have some answers for you. By continuing your research & studying in occult sciences and the field you are attune into gradually as you progress these abilities will unfold to you & you will find your way 👍 https://discord.gg/Dt4aF7ua I think you have your answer. You felt it that strongly.  

Making a mala is meditative in itself. Beadwork is spiritual.  Make one and see how it goes. I would definitely want to know my choices...like what type of shittier choices did i reject to get the shitty life i have now.... I don’t remember before birth, but the memories I have of the day I was born are very vivid. Not all the memories are mine, I remember being bathed for the first time but it’s like I was watching the whole thing, I can remember where everything was in the room and have spoken with my mother about it and confirmed it all, I remember being held by my one of my grandmother’s, and I remember the feeling of that day. It’s weird and I know it’s pretty much impossible to remember being born but I do. Yeah I'm sure many of us get different options for more than one life for different reasons I have a strange vivid memory of such a thing since I was a young child. Growing up I always thought it may have been a dream but I had no idea when it may have happened. When I was very very little I used to tell my mom that I chose her and this life. I said I had a choice between two mommies and that she would make me a better mommy when I had kids. 

I definitely feel like I had. some kind of conscious choice about my life from before I was here. https://discord.gg/Dt4aF7ua https://discord.gg/Dt4aF7ua I don’t have the memory of choice, but I do have a memory of a strange knowing that I was about to be born. I can best describe it as a comfortable contentedness. I remember being told my ‘mission’ in this life was to experience A LOT of pain and suffering. So much so I was kinda shocked enough to remember when I shouldn’t have. And I remember very much being disembodied yet a conscious entity. It’s a very comforting memory, can’t wait to go back but I also remember the sense of if I checked out early cos of the pain and suffering then I’ve failed the mission. Submission Statement: MK ULTRA is a plot point in Stranger Things. In real life, MKULTRA was a secret mind control program in which thousands of people were drugged and experimented on against their will.  
  
The show also features further secret programs that seek to weaponize psychic powers just like Project Stargate. The CIA even clarified their stance on remote viewing in 2021, stating that enough accurate statistical remote viewing results exist to "defy randomness". Ugh, they are all full of crap, go to a professional hypnotherapist for a real past life regression. Also, pay attention to your dreams, a past life might come through that way too, but you have to be open to it. You can ask your guides for this information as well When my new mood doesn't make sense. 😏 

I still suck at this and fight the term "empath" half the time. I may not be the best source of info but my response above is the obvious hint for me. There are times when I just don't feel like myself, and then I realize it's likely someone in close proximity to me. I worked with a decent amount of people when I was waiting tables and there was plenty of conjoined energetic forces going on. It was draining! When your old friend start telling you have 'changed'
And not the person whom they used to know.. When I feel emotionally drained.  And it is for no specific reason, and I find it concerning. I'm pretty sure they were just messing with you, and they don't have a demon inside of them. No need to worry imo. I got a bad feeling from this. I would stay away from them. If you feel uncomfortable and uneasy around them, then that’s how you feel. No need to second guess it. I’ve been around manipulative people like that before where I denied my instincts. Never turned out well. Punch that person lol Follow that intuition of yours, pepper through everything you say.  I do feel intuition is so underrated, under used, but one of the most powerful protections we have.  Heed it my friend.  Demon?  Pppfft.  No. A hole?  Yes. I've not studied demons in depth, but my opinion? 

I've don't think  nor have I ever heard of a person being overtaken by a demon then eagerly spreading the word; " I've got a demon inside me!"

Sounds like a cheezy B movie. Stay clear. 🤍🙏 Just set up protections for yourself and if you can avoid them, do so. I find people that do that sort of thing get big power trips and by saying what they do, they are afraid of you or your power and you are indeed stronger. Relax but stay protected. And cut the cords to them. I’m feeling strongly that you need to cut ties entirely but that you need not worry about this person or their “abilities”. Let them go. Always trust your gut. Always. 

Now, stay away from this person. Lol, well whoever this is, they are stupid for inviting a demon inside of them for power, that always backfires 🤣 it's also easy to pick up on someone's confidence and maybe he does have some psychic abilities, but he's going about it in a toxic way. My ex was the same, pretty psychic but also a narcissist 

The tower card is a sign of endings or shocking revelation, I think it's both of these things for you and this person. I would avoid him. Thanks for all the responses! Forget to mention this person asked for my birth day and I stupidly gave it to them I once commented on this post asking for some similar advice, here’s what I got: get out there and explore. Read books, practice, meditate. Every journey is so unique, no one can possibly tell you exactly what to do. Do what feels right & natural for you and your own gifts. Lean into it, but also, be cautious. Don’t accept everything at face value. Challenge yourself.

When I was new to “this”, I came into it thinking I was crazy or something. Why do I hear random things in my head. Or how can I possibly just “know” something is in the room that no one else can see. But the randomness of the events is what really drove my confidence. I’m busy doing something and I suddenly receive a message about something else so completely random. For instance, the other night I was falling asleep and I heard this in my head “she’s not like us.” This was not my own thoughts. This unique impression was something else speaking to me, or for that matter, about me to others (I have a separate thing I’m dealing with). But yes, know you’re capable and born with the skills, just hone them through learning & exploration.

Something I learned along the way I wish I knew earlier, make sure before you engage in any spiritual work that you take a moment to ground, center & protect yourself. Otherwise you’ll open yourself up to a ton of stuff you don’t want. Once some pesky stuff is in it can be hard to get rid of (trust me on this).

Good luck to you! I hope someone else more seasoned than I responds here to your post. But so you know, you’ll probably have more luck asking something specific rather than something so general. I.e. “I was working on my clairaudience and had a question about x.” The veterans in this sub like to see that people are taking the initiative to learn for themselves, rather than give them all of the answers. Bottom line: Do you want your family tree to look like [this](https://www.google.com/search?q=dark+family+tree&client=ms-android-americamovil-us-revc&prmd=ivnsbm&sxsrf=ALiCzsbq_5Ntt3S4T9te4RWy14_64euIVw:1656812881875&source=lnms&tbm=isch&sa=X&ved=2ahUKEwi40qH6zNv4AhUYC0QIHTJ7C9EQ_AUoAXoECAIQAQ&biw=412&bih=695&dpr=1.75#imgrc=iX97INJbvIadgM)? Because that's how you make a family tree shaped like a mobius loop. Do you need someone to explain to you all the ways that this is a terrible idea and will never work for *you*?

Here are some options you could try:

On August 26, 2054 use the energy from a nuclear reactor meltdown to send a piece of paper back in time 33 years.

Trigger a supernova and use the energy from that to power a black hole/white hole generator capable of sending digital information back in time by approximately 22 minutes.

Bring a microwave emitter within the safe zone of a supernova blast then put an aluminum object in front of the microwave emitter and turn it on while the super heated plasma is expanding away from the supernova. Check out revision by Neville Lol wat? That's not possible Influence Do you know if it is usual to be an influencer if you also are an empath or has it no correlation? I am an empath and I have noticed that when I have showed up to work and I have been extraordinarily happy the entire place is bursting with positive energy and joking around more than usual, even though I have only walked inside and not even talked to anybody. Or maybe I just look more at ease and content and it spreads haha. it has made me question if I also affect others a lot and not only that I just sense others a lot. We are always broadcasting energy... what matters is the intent or lack thereof behind it. Sometimes it can be referred to as projective empathy. I had a cat who would send me his hunger pains when he wanted to wake me up for his breakfast. I could eat and eat and still feel hungry until I fed him. Or if I fed him first, I would be satisfied with a piece of toast.

He also sent us important messages via dreams, woke my honey up from low glucose incidents, and made him wear his c-pap mask. qi emission could be a phrase for it

everyone has both abilities, it's only a matter of how open they are to feeling it and how much junk is in the way of feeling it Charisma, and maybe the giving of ideas, a unique idea of your own can be spread like a virus Aura. The stronger your aura is, it radiates and amplifies your ‘vibe’ that you send to people. 

Aura is just a signal of your essence- and it may send positive or negative vibes, depending on who you are as a person. It's called a Projective Empath, the term has been around since the 1980's. I call it a "Dynamo" based on the fact that a dynamo was the first electrical generator and that the word dynamic ( the root word of dynamo) is used to describe a person that is full of energy.

So for me, an 'empathic dynamo' is a person who creates and broadcasts energy into the world around them. You can't rule out the possibility of this being a scam. Our personal information is available wherever on the internet we give it out. This person could have stalked your friend's social media accounts in order to gather enough information to sound either convincing or like a lunatic. Be very cautious any time a stranger says something to the effect of, "Something bad will happen to you unless you give me money," Most of the time this is just someone trying to scare someone else into giving them money. A truly altruistic person would use their gifts to help people without expecting some form of compensation. Helping people should be its own reward. Probably a scam, wait it out and see if something bad does indeed happen. Both. Time is a funny thing. For sure you can have a desire, see it manifest (intuition), then experience it manifest (manifestation). Enjoy! Lovely story, thanks for sharing it 🤗🤗 Wow. I had something similar happen, but not with the drama part <3 It’s the universe speaking to you! This is lovely. How affirming for you. Thank you everybody!! It feels really good to share the story and feel heard and not judged or met with skepticism. 

I actually can prove this one, also, because I use a journal app on my phone to record them so the metadata shows it written 2.5 hours before the text thread begins. Not that anyone here is asking I just feel like I need to shout it to the world cause holy shit this is real..! While many psychics do read for themselves, it's usually in the sense that they do their own tarot readings.  Tarot , runes, astrology, or other divination tools help because it's a card/symbol outside of yourself directing the information.  

IME some people may have better luck with it that others.  Usually depending how much they are able to get out of the way regarding outcomes.  Generally speaking though, psychics are not immune from being attached to outcomes, so their readings tend to be less accurate when performed on themselves.    


It's better (IMO) for psychics to see other psychics when they're emotionally attached to the outcome (which is normal for all people to be attached).  However, some people get hung up on seeking external help, they think needing to see someone else makes them "weak" which is nonsense in my opinion, but it is what it is. I don’t exactly sit down and do a reading for myself. Things just come to me. Warnings, messages things like that. One morning as I was getting ready for work I heard “watch out for the deer“. There was indeed a deer standing in the middle of the highway on my way to work.

I do read tarot for myself. Every morning I do prayer and a ritual for self protection and then I pull cards. It’s a common thing to do. My clairvoyant & clairaudient abilities are strongest, but I also speak with Spirit/MY Team.
 I ask my Team questions, often receiving one or two word answers. I've found using tarot & oracle cards I receive more detailed answers and clarity.

BTW everyone is born with " psychic" abilities it's not just a select few.

If you are open to receiving and learn to quiet your mind you'll be surprised at the abilities you do have. Good question! It's easier to read others because you have some distance from the emotions that may come up in the reading.

But you can, with practice, learn to read your own energy. The useful thing that makes it possible is finding a way to be neutral to what you see in your own space. The technique I use the most is blowing pictures. This takes some of the energy off of the pictures I'm reading so that I can see them more clearly and not match them; i.e. keep my perspective neutral.

I use the same technique when I read other people. When I use it on myself, I may need to repeat the process because what I want to read may be living under layers of pictures and energy, but that's about it at this point. It just takes longer.

If I'm in a hurry or I'm really stuck, I'll ask my wife to take a look. I don’t read myself, nor am I psychic in the sense of seeing the future.. I have other apparent ‘gifts’, as I’ve been told before…? My psychic told me 2 things about rhe future in March and said they would happen soon...im glad I'm not holding my breath Not really. It’s more of an indication of what will happen if you stay on your current path but that doesn’t mean you can’t change your path. Good question but depends on everyone's beliefs.

I can predict some events before they happen, but I also had the chance to change them. No. Always in motion the future is. 

We're creating the future right now. And by that I mean the Big We, all of us together on this planet. As you can easily see on the evening news, that creates some conflict.

We come here with our plans and immediately run into the plans our families have already put into motion. Free will is real. It just doesn't mean what some think it means. The lack of absolute free will (getting everything you ever desire) does not mean that there are pre-existing plans that are causing you not to get what you want. 

It's a physical world filled with creative spirits. Sometimes the energy just cancels out like waves on the ocean and other times the energy amplifies each other, also like waves on the ocean. Your free will creates your waves and then the ocean has its way with them. Not at all. Precognition, just like many of the other abilities, is presenting  to you, or in this case, projecting a certain level of the energy before you and how it’s vibrating. If it stays the same because nothing or no one changes the perimeters (begin with the self) then the outcome is likely to stay the same. That is free will. Making a choice to change nothing is free will. If, on the other hand, changes were made prior to events, the outcome is likely to be very different because in that instance, free will was again exercised. I personally believe that while some events are meant to happen (for whatever reason) there is a lot that's within our control.

Though I'd be cautious when dabbling with trying to see the future. You might set off a chain of events that lead to it coming true. Precognition is just reading the probabilities of events collapsing into a specific possibility. It is a sure thing. 

This collapse can be helped along by certain practices. Including bringing it about yourself as a self fulfilling prophecy. It also allows you to do things that divert the collapse into another, less probable outcome. Sometimes the very act of reading can influence this. 

This is why experts recommend reading short term only. Trying to divine events years or decades down the road is extremely difficult due the massive amounts of possibilities between now and then. It's usually like an overlay in my mind's eye.

EDIT: I have to be really amped up (or the energy is particularly strong) for me to see it with my eyes. In addition to a physical body we also have subtle astral and mental bodies. These subtle bodies have senses just like the physical body that tell us about things beyond the physical. In psychic individuals these senses are just more developed than in an average person. Personally my senses are magnified I can tell another energy is there without seeing it I just kinda know as for seeing it I see things with my minds eye and other things are right in front of my face there's no denying it over time your gifts become honed if you use them on a constant basis and as children paranormal experiences are the norm because your sight is very clear And you were never taught there was something different or in some cases told you were crazy or your seeing things that's why alot of adults have a hard time excepting their gifts with their eyes. Thanks for asking this! Great answers from people. We all can , it's always within us ..just practice..start with mediation and try tarot readings..try with yourself then others , journal dreams ...

Edit- u can practice with pendulum too > What makes some more receptive to psychic abilities than others?

Tendency to actually listen Personally, I think I unconsciously blocked a lot of my abilities for most of my adult life due to being an unhealthy empath and suffering abusive trauma. A couple years ago, I started experiencing an intense spiritual awakening and my psychic abilities exploded as a part of that. I had to come up to speed very quickly not only with accepting that I had abilities but also learning how they worked and how to work with them and set up healthy energetic boundaries. I think people with abilities are born that way, but that our life experiences can cause us to either consciously or unconsciously block them. For me, meditation has helped IMMENSELY. I had to learn to know what my own energy felt like so that I could start to differentiate it from energy that comes from outside myself and learn to not get so overwhelmed by energy that's not my own. Also, once I accepted that this is a thing that happens to me, I started really paying attention to messages that I get from gut feelings, spirit guides, etc. I started noticing more and more things that in the past I either wouldn't have noticed at all or would have blown off as coincidence. Once I started paying attention, I started appreciating how spirit is constantly broadcasting and how all you have to do is turn on your radio. 

I feel that my daughter has some gifts... she is am empath and she and I seem to be very psychically connected. I think being interested in spirituality and having an open mind helps considerably. Some people just don’t believe at all and think it’s all nonsense which is fine but if they aren’t receptive to psychic abilities it’s not going to happen for them. Most of the time that is the case at least, there are exceptions. Usually after something that was out of their control like a near death experience or unintentional astral projection, seeing a spirit etc can change people’s outlook. > more receptive

There's a subtle distinction in your question. I like it!  This makes your question different from the usual, "Is everybody psychic" style question.

I've met psychics that had no choice. Good readers. Somewhat traumatized by their abilities. Their abilities opened up on them in a dramatic way and even though they can use them, they still struggle to manage their lives. Your question really doesn't apply to them. It also doesn't apply to those who are overwhelmed by one or more of their abilities. I've met a few of those, too. I would not describe these psychics as being in tune as much as being a sick psychic. It's something dominating their lives and they've learned to live with it.

Then there are the seekers. These folks are the majority of our minority and they seek help, healing, growth, understanding, and awareness. These are the receptive ones. So why are they receptive?

Like you, their abilities were more like the music that plays in the background in a super market. Psychic elevator music that they are really OK with but when they share any of it with those that don't hear the music, it shocks and scares them.

In my late 20s, I got a divorce after four years of marriage. She left the state to begin a new life. Maybe a year later, I woke up one morning and thought of her. This was unusual. Later that day, I decided to call her just to see how she was doing. 

The night before, she'd been driving the car we'd bought together and it was T-boned and totaled. She was OK but "our" car was a total loss. Maybe six months or a year later, same setup happened of waking up thinking of her, called her that day, and she had gotten engaged the night before. She laughed about me calling her twice after major events in her life. He was the same build and coloring as me. Had the same initials. Had traveled a lot like me. We had a good laugh at me saying our marriage must have been a case of mistaken identity.

Some time passed and I woke up thinking of her. She had found out the night before that she was pregnant for the first time. This time she was very uncomfortable and asked me never to call her again, and I haven't. 

Years later I joined the clairvoyant training program at the Berkeley Psychic Institute. I learned about spiritual agreements and how that don't always line up with physical life the way we expect them to. I learned about cords and chakras and matching pictures. The last one, matching pictures, was a huge light bulb moment for me. My life experience to that point all fell into place and I understood and accepted all the events that led me to that time and place, and that group of people. 

That was in the 80s. I'm 70 years old now and enjoy my abilities mostly in private. People are still afraid of "mind readers" and still don't realize just how boring their thoughts are to read LOL! But their pictures are really interesting. 

I think that some families have psychic lineages, not because of the DNA of the bodies, but because the family accepted granny as a psychic and that acceptance created permission for other family members to be psychic. You can see this happen at psychic fairs, where someone gets dragged there by their friends and ends up opening up a little, matching the energy of the group, and discovers they have some abilities, too.

What I've learned at work is to let the game come to me. There are lots of smart people in the software engineering business, all very capable spirits. They know who I am on some level and I focus on the relationships. They will come to me with questions about technology, but they also like getting a hello from someone that sees them as spirit. If I every open that topic up, the relationships would end, so I ground myself and read the energy all day long, and this creates permission for those that talk with me to heal themselves. It's a nice energy that I set and it's useful to the company because more work gets done and done in a better way. I don't have to know everything; I just give them my answers and give them permission to find their information on whatever the problem of the day happens to be, and everyone has more fun.

Children are often more inclined psychically but lose both interest and ability as the grow up. I met a six year old neighbor girl many years ago that I'd shared several past lives with. She recognized my energy, sat on the hood of a car, and just stared at me as I walked my dog down the hill. She asked who I was and I gave her my name. She said nice to meet you but felt awkward saying it like that. I asked her name and she gave it to me. I said it's nice to see you again and she lit up like Christmas. She knew we knew and grinned like crazy. Two years later, she had no recollection of how we met this lifetime. Neuron pruning is real. Call me crazy(I have schizoaffective disorder) but while I think every single person has psychic ability, I feel anyone who might fall on the neurodivergent spectrum are particularly inclined. Personally I think it's the way the receptors in the brain work, I think of it as energy and like radio waves, I feel my brain is on a more wide spectrum and that's why I can read people and entities. With age my eyes are going and I don't see spirits as easy as I use too, eyes work on light waves entering them also I feel mine where better able too see energy that other could not but with them failing I'm losing that.
I did not think people could learn but I changed my mind some since remote viewer can learn so I feel maybe you can train yourself to tune in to the energy to do these things. I think it’s simply a combo of being open to it, (ie. not quick to shut things down as “woo-woo”, or requiring book knowledge to believe. Most people are like this sadly) and being generally mindful / not overtly distracted by external stuff 24/7.

*Everyone* is psychic. It’s built in and is often survival mechanism that everyone has and uses even if it’s generally shut down beyond that. It just unfortunately gets shut down for most because of the above. For me, it made all the difference when I started to believe in myself more, and know that I'm capable I think everyone equally able to tune into their psychic abilities. The reason there’s people more receptive is many times because they don’t play the ego-games as seriously as other people. This is due to usually their past experiences… so they become more open and receptive to such things, spirituality etc. Some thoughts.
Genetics: I think some families are naturally hardwired for abilities as well as being open to spirituality. My grandmother was very open  and would share things like communicating with the deceased.
Trauma: I had some trauma events as a child. One was a seizure at age 2, the other was a sexual assault when I was around 8. The SA caused me to leave my body and watch things unfold as though watching a movie.
Vivid dreams and sleepwalking: I sleptwalked up through my teens and still have the disturbing dreams.
Creative/artistic: I believe many in the spiritual community are highly gifted with creative abilities. Clean body, spring water. No man made food or medicine  chemicals. Crystals, crystals, and more crystals.
Nothing accelerates us like spending time with the energy masters.

All these practices help, but most of all inviting  to be a channel and serve the light. When I do readings it’s based on two things:
1. How open the persons subconscious is to the idea of being read 
2. How vocal and loud their loved ones are on the other side. Sometimes they start showing me things even when the person is just setting up the appointment with me. I think there are many factors. One factor I haven’t seen in the thread yet are zodiac signs and your birth chart. I know water signs are more intuitive than the rest. I had this thought once about matter and radiation and I thought of how a computer can connect to the Internet through a wire or through wifi. human beings have physical bodies but we also emit infra-red light which some animals have the ability to see but we don't. Physical matter has clear boudnaries but radiation doesn't. A wifi connection can be strong or weak depending on how close you are to the device but the wire either has connection to the Internet or not. the wifi has no clear exact boundary. This shows that reality is both diffuse and clear at the same time. That sometimes boarders are clear and sometimes they blend in and spearse out and like waves ripples around and people and things can be affected by this wave. Perhaps people with more psychic abilities are more sensitive towards the invisible, intangeble, immaterial dimension of life. In that dimension units are alot more fused together and not as clearly separated with clear cut boarders and what happens in somebody else ripples through and also happens in others. When you are swimming in the ocean you are a victim of many waves and other things coming at you but if you are lying in a tub with the water trapped in the tub nothing from the outside affects the water. I am very sure I feel others emotions even without seeing or hearing them but just by being in their vicinity, and I have had premonitions and other "irrational" psychic stuff happening to me. In those occasions time and space has not had clear cut boundaries. Reality is very boundaryless sometimes, but we humans tend to focus on the material, which has very clear boundaries. Space appears to be completely without boarders. Atoms has boarders. What the exact nature is that makes somebody more in tune with this immaterial dimesion is a mystery of course. Or at least I don't know. Karma. Wear gemstone as per your moon sign, 
Vegetarian diet,
Chanting mantra or meditation with incense focusing upon deity..
Listening to binaural beats like 639hz ,936hz..
Channelizing your sexual energy with various yoga techniques.. I can see auras too but for most people they seem kinda thin or worn down. I don’t see shapes though unless I’m mediating in my head and then I’ll sometimes see patterns or shapes That's great !!! I think it has a lot to do with self concept; when we work on ourselves and mental health its like opening a new gate. Lately, my third eye tingles all the time- it bothers my forehead and goes on and off for about 3 minutes. One of these days I was at my bedroom door telling my cat to come in because I was going to sleep. Hes a gray ish cat and the hall was kinda dark, the only light was coming from my room. But when he moved, I saw yellow and red. And I was like "dude...did I just see your aura?" And I was rlly shocked. So I went straight to google to see what kind of auras cats have, and it said yellow first. I tried to do it again but I couldnt see it anymore. I also tried looking at mine, with the hand method but not looking directly at it. I was told like 3 years ago my aura was white, but I know it probably changed. 

Omg as Im writing this my third eye is tingling lmao. 

Sometimes I see light patterns too, like green or yellow. But since I have a lazy eye I think its just part of my vision. But ive been seeing stuff from the corner of my eye, shadows maybe. I think its just my hair though, I cant really tell. But it hits me since a psychic told me I can see things- and I told her that I cant. She was really serious about it too. And also said that I have a path to be in the psychic world. But I rather not get too much into it. I heard opening your third eye too much can cause trouble. Where do you guys live. I would pay money for someone to check mine! You missed one. People who don’t realize they have these abilities.

Everybody has abilities. Lots of people just don’t know it and won’t develop them Some pretend so that they may fit in here, for reasons of their own. 

Some are only here to observe. Our problems are not their problems.

Some are really what they seem and cannot tell you otherwise.

Then a small minority are here to develop themselves, to help, to pay their debts forward.

If someone crosses your path, you have a choice to make. Help them? Ignore them? Acknowledge them? Say hello to them?  There is no one right behavior that fits everyone. This is where we tend to be blinded by our own light.

Comparison is the thief of joy. This is especially true in sensitive groups, so delay judgement. Or as Ted Lasso says; Be curious; not judgmental. If you truly want to heighten your awareness take what you know and go live in nature for a couple of weeks. Take tools, shelter, and water, but no food. The food you have to be able to get yourself, or know what it feels like to starve. Meditate, focus on pure alignment of your spirit and nature. Nature starts to talk back after awhile. What is 4d or 5d living? What differences are there to 3d? Maybe I didn´t understand the point of your post... Everyone is an average person, in my eyes at least. Spirituality and beliefs are a highly personal choice. No one is forced to be believe anything in a free culture and not all cutures allow people to be free. Imo, it´s wrong to impose any subject that is my focus and belief system on others. "Energy Work" by Robert Bruce is a good primer for learning how to harness one's ESP imo.. The 'legitimate' resources are the ones that work for you. Psychics are not all the same. We came in this lifetime with different strengths and plans. One common piece of advice that is often very useful is to begin "with what resonates with you". What does that mean?

You every seen someone on the other side of the street and had this strong desire to walk across to them and say hello? That's resonance. The opposite affect is called dissonance. You see them coming and you want to run away.

Books, websites, youtube videos, in person seminars, each have a distinct vibration. Some of those will resonate with you. You can walk into a New Age bookstore, run your hand along the spines of the books on a shelf until you feel like stopping, then take out that book and just hold it in your hand. How does it feel. What does it make you think about. Does it resonate with you.

In the meantime, you can practice the following. It will enhance your ability to feel that energy in the books, or any other energy and place.

Try this. Sit in a chair. Close your eyes. Take a deep breath. Feet flat on the floor. Hands separated and resting palms up on each thigh.

Create a grounding cord. This is a line of energy that connects your first chakra to the center of the planet. Your first chakra is a ball of energy about the size of a quarter that sits just in front of the base of your spine. Your grounding cord attaches to the bottom of that ball of energy.

Grounding makes your body feel safe, so you release energy more easily. Gravity pulls whatever you release, even your own energy, down to the center of the planet. No effort on your part. The center of the planet neutralizes the energy and returns it to whoever owns it. No karma for anyone. A virtuous cycle.

Nearly everyone goes to connect to the center of the planet the first time but stops at the soil, often making roots like a tree. This is a method that is taught in some martial arts styles, but it is not the best option for your spiritual development and healing.

So, notice the seat of your chair. Take a deep breath. Notice the distance between the seat and the floor. Now notice the distance between the floor and the soil below. Breathe.

Now notice the distance between the soil and the water table underneath. Notice the distance between the water table and the rocky mantle. Notice the distance between the mantle and the molten core below that. Deep breath.

Notice the distance between the molten core and the center of the planet. That ball of light at the very center of the planet is where you connect your grounding cord. Deep breath.

Say hello to the center of the planet. Do you get a hello back?

Notice the color and texture of your grounding cord. It may look like a line of energy, or look like something physical; a rope, a wire, a pipe, a tree trunk. Adjust it as needed to be in affinity with your body.

Getting this far means you've already released some energy from your aura and body. Now it is time to fill in the space that was created.

Create a gold sun over your head. Have it call back all of your energy from wherever you left it throughout your day and week. Work. School. Online meetings. Video games. Your fantasies about your future. Your regrets about your past. Wherever you've placed your attention. Just watch the energy come back and see if you notice where it came from.

Have the sun burn up and neutralize your energy. Then bring the sun into the top of your head. It will automatically flow into the spaces you created. Create a gauge to measure when you're full. Like a fuel gauge or oil gauge. You'll run better if you aren't a few quarts low on spiritual oil. If the gauge doesn't read "Full", bring in another gold sun.

Open your eyes, bend over and touch the floor, draining any tension from the back of your neck, then stand up, and stretch.

There is a progression with this technique. After grounding for ten minutes a day for a week or two, notice your grounding cord at the very end, while you're standing with your eyes open. Continue to ground with your eyes open and standing, and bring in another gold sun. Each day, increase the amount of time that you ground standing up with your eyes open.

After a week or two practicing this, add walking while grounded. Just notice your grounding cord as you walk. Say hello to the center of the planet while you walk. Bring in a gold sun while you walk.  If you lose your grounding cord, stop walking and recover it. If you have to, sit back down and close your eyes and create a new grounding cord.

After this, you're ready to take your grounding cord with you into your daily life. Shopping. Getting coffee. Wherever you go, you can ground. This, combined with a little amusement about seeing new things on an energy level, will keep you safe and sound.

Now that you're here, at the end of your grounding meditations, create a gold sun over your head. This time, fill it with your highest creative essence, your present time growth vibration, and your affinity for yourself. The first energy is a healing for you. The second is a healing for your body. The third is a healing for your affinity in your fourth chakra.

Bend over and touch the floor. Stand up and stretch. If you're ready for more, sit back down and ground some more. Otherwise, have a nice day!

Note that every image you imagine, the gold sun, the grounding cord, the center of the planet, your first chakra, your body parts, is exercising your clairvoyance. You may be imagining what your tailbone looks like, but you're also creating the image of your tailbone and reading its energy. This is practicing your clairvoyant ability. I have had issues with pendulum work in the past. A few "pointers" (pun intended).

1. Energetically cleanse your pendulum often. There are many ways to do this, I cleanse mine in the moonlight and the smoke from incense but every pendulum is different.

2. Energetically cleanse your space regularly however you normally would.

3. As mentioned by another comment, be sure you are in a neutral frame of mind (answer doesn't matter)

4. Ask your pendulum if you or it needs a break... this happens.

5. Be sure that you aren't trusting your tools over your own intuition.

&#x200B;

I think the biggest obstacle to getting consistently right answers is placing too much responsibility on the pendulum. It's just a "thing on a string," you are the power that makes it work.

I hope this is helpful for you. Using a pendulum you have to be in a neutral state. You can’t have expectations. Because your thoughts are really creating the movement. If you’re overthinking it or trying to “test” the pendulum, it creates dissonance and won’t give you a true answer. This is just what I’ve learned from my own experience though. I’m on a break from using my pendulum bc I had too much dissonance in my being (life circumstances, anxiety, depression) and it was giving me skewed results. Cleanse it by burying it on the earth/soil overnight. This works like magic ;) The way I see it is, the knowledge isn't in the pendulum, it's in ourselves. Call it energy or vibrations or whatever you please, but the answers I get from my pendulum come from deep inside myself. The pendulum is just a shortcut for going deep. Once you have established the meanings of different movements, don't mess around with your questions, because you are messing around with yourself. Agree with others about cleansing and reprogramming with a purpose of tapping into the higher self and desiring truthful answers prior to starting. I’ve had this problem but usually happens with a particular pendulum, I realized it had moonstones on it and was helping me better understand my desires and emotions that can be hard for me to identify, as opposed to tapping into the ‘truth’ of a given matter. Different pendulums tend to answer different questions for me. But if you are particularly attached to this one, cleansing it it a good idea. Be sure not to use water though if it contains any crystals that degrade when wet. Smoke and moonlight or selenite may be a good place to start - I like to program so that all built up energy is shed but the connection or properties that make it work so well for me are maintained (as opposed to a cleansing that strips it of everything). That's incredible and it does sound like you've been given a gift. You're probably in shock now qnd taking it all in. When my ex husband died suddenly 5 years ago, I had an episode of 'heart' pain, not cardiac pain, but in the middle of the sternum... It took my breath away and I knew something happened in my family, but I didn't know what. I had to go to work and how do I go about calling people to see if everything is ok?

In about an hour, my phone is texting and telling me there was an accident; do I know how to contact a family member? I had an overwhelming feeling of impending doom. then I get a text from someone who thought I knew...

The exact time I had 'heart' pain was when the acciden happened. This was my ex husband, we don't talk, and I havenot spoken to him except for our daughters wedding.... we were divorced 20 years but on some level we are soul mates.... Honestly I see this loop pattern as means of connecting with you. That there is a cycle with concepts, ideas, events etc that are being stuck on replay almost as if you "missed" them so it's like a ok let's start again kind of thing. But with the last part with the paralysis I get the indication that it is almost as if there is a lag between the connections due to the vividness of the dream state, that it is as though your body takes a bit to get back into a fluid state in the current. Almost as if it is catching up with the fact that you became aware but you haven't settled into your body in the current connection state that its as though there is a lag. If that makes any sense. If you message me I can describe what works for me when that happens. I also think with this specific phenomenon you would get more help posting in r/mediums Something like this happened to me last night. It was like a dream within several dreams. Sleep paralysis. Your body freezes your muscles when you sleep so you don’t sleepwalk; some folks (like my dad) also have awoken before it wears off (and y’all can’t move for a spell) I have this!! Everyone I've mentioned this to just says its Dejavu and my brain tricking me, but I genuinely dream of things and then days later, maybe even a week or 2, that exact thing happens and I get this weird feeling pass through me. I have super vivid dreams at times and often remember details or even the whole dream including bizarre transitions when I wake up.

Example: I recently dreamt of me and my parents sat in a cafe talking about a particular thing and sat in a particular configuration. The next weekend I go for coffee with my parents and don't really notice until the exact same words and phrases are said, the same hand movements etc I have this as well and it's so crazy, it's been happening a lot more frequently. Everyone thinks I'm crazy but it's comforting knowing I'm not the only one. Mine is similar, I dream sometimes about the exact thing I’m going to do tomorrow, a little different to yours but similar but I think it’s coz I’m always thinking about my day ahead.

Sometimes it’s happened to me that what I’m doing I’ve already done the exact thing before and I’ve dreamt about it but I don’t fully remember. The opposite happens to me, I see snippets of the past. Small bits of memories from infancy through toddler age. When it first happened it was extremely disorienting when I woke up because I didn't know it was a resurfaced memory yet but knew the dream was "real" and was confused how I just went from being a year old to seventeen. 

I wonder if this is in any way related to what happens to you. Somehow you're picking up on your future memories... It's called deja reve. I've had it too. As you open up your awareness, it's useful to think of your body as an antennae array that's been idle for a long time, collecting dust, dead bugs, corrosion, bird shit; i.e. all the detritus of life.

Energy systems are energy systems. Power companies in some climates wash the insulators on their high power transmission lines. This prevents the lines shorting out catastrophically during the first rain after a dry spell. All that dust and dirt makes the rain conductive, and energy tends to follow the shortest path to the ground. Explosions and fires tend to follow.

So you have some housekeeping to do. When your antennas are clean, they don't short out when you open them up and some strong energy passes your way. 

Try this. Sit in a chair. Close your eyes. Take a deep breath. Feet flat on the floor. Hands separated and resting palms up on each thigh.

Create a grounding cord. This is a line of energy that connects your first chakra to the center of the planet. Your first chakra is a ball of energy about the size of a quarter that sits just in front of the base of your spine. Your grounding cord attaches to the bottom of that ball of energy.

Grounding makes your body feel safe, so you release energy more easily. Gravity pulls whatever you release, even your own energy, down to the center of the planet. No effort on your part. The center of the planet neutralizes the energy and returns it to whoever owns it. No karma for anyone. A virtuous cycle.

Nearly everyone goes to connect to the center of the planet the first time but stops at the soil, often making roots like a tree. This is a method that is taught in some martial arts styles, but it is not the best option for your spiritual development and healing.

So, notice the seat of your chair. Take a deep breath. Notice the distance between the seat and the floor. Now notice the distance between the floor and the soil below. Breathe.

Now notice the distance between the soil and the water table underneath. Notice the distance between the water table and the rocky mantle. Notice the distance between the mantle and the molten core below that. Deep breath.

Notice the distance between the molten core and the center of the planet. That ball of light at the very center of the planet is where you connect your grounding cord. Deep breath.

Say hello to the center of the planet. Do you get a hello back?

Notice the color and texture of your grounding cord. It may look like a line of energy, or look like something physical; a rope, a wire, a pipe, a tree trunk. Adjust it as needed to be in affinity with your body.

Getting this far means you've already released some energy from your aura and body. Now it is time to fill in the space that was created.

Create a gold sun over your head. Have it call back all of your energy from wherever you left it throughout your day and week. Work. School. Online meetings. Video games. Your fantasies about your future. Your regrets about your past. Wherever you've placed your attention. Just watch the energy come back and see if you notice where it came from.

Have the sun burn up and neutralize your energy. Then bring the sun into the top of your head. It will automatically flow into the spaces you created. Create a gauge to measure when you're full. Like a fuel gauge or oil gauge. You'll run better if you aren't a few quarts low on spiritual oil. If the gauge doesn't read "Full", bring in another gold sun.

Open your eyes, bend over and touch the floor, draining any tension from the back of your neck, then stand up, and stretch.

There is a progression with this technique. After grounding for ten minutes a day for a week or two, notice your grounding cord at the very end, while you're standing with your eyes open. Continue to ground with your eyes open and standing, and bring in another gold sun. Each day, increase the amount of time that you ground standing up with your eyes open.

After a week or two practicing this, add walking while grounded. Just notice your grounding cord as you walk. Say hello to the center of the planet while you walk. Bring in a gold sun while you walk.  If you lose your grounding cord, stop walking and recover it. If you have to, sit back down and close your eyes and create a new grounding cord.

After this, you're ready to take your grounding cord with you into your daily life. Shopping. Getting coffee. Wherever you go, you can ground. This, combined with a little amusement about seeing new things on an energy level, will keep you safe and sound.

Now that you're here, at the end of your grounding meditations, create a gold sun over your head. This time, fill it with your highest creative essence, your present time growth vibration, and your affinity for yourself. The first energy is a healing for you. The second is a healing for your body. The third is a healing for your affinity in your fourth chakra.

Bend over and touch the floor. Stand up and stretch. If you're ready for more, sit back down and ground some more. Otherwise, have a nice day!

Note that every image you imagine, the gold sun, the grounding cord, the center of the planet, your first chakra, your body parts, is exercising your clairvoyance. You may be imagining what your tailbone looks like, but you're also creating the image of your tailbone and reading its energy. This is practicing your clairvoyant ability. Ong! Clairsentience is my main channel and I didn’t realize how it wasn’t super normal to just have all these sensations all the time. In my opinion it really is dependent on your own relationship with spirit and your body. When this happens take a few breaths and turn inwards and feel the feeling and just allow the feeling to be without trying to understand it yet or explain it yet. Just for a a few seconds or however long u need to be calm and present in the moment with it. Notice what this feeling is- pain - hurt - grief - deep , shallow, loud, soft, happy sparkly tingling vibrations warm cold hot harsh calm smooth rough etc etc etc. then notice where in ur body this is happening. Our chakras hold different energetic experiences, so if ur feeling like a sword is going through ur stomach we can see that a violation has occurred in the solar plexus or the sacral. Understand what each chakra holds which information. Then just ask that sensation what it means. I’m always saying ask why and then ask why again and then again after each answer  keep asking. Ur body will tel you. You’re abilities and reception is using feeling as a conduit to communicate to you. Communication is often a two way street meaning we can ask questions too and we can direct answers as well. This will help u better understand your personal
Sensations and what they mean. Like you’ll start to understand that for you light tingling means it’s beautiful or it aligns and a hot feeling means it’s rejecting something etc or whatever actual language your body is using. You could even direct your body too! You could ask that your hands start to warm up if you’re correct or get cold if you’re wrong about something. Just hang out with ur vibrant magickal self and it will just prevent itself to u All I can really offer is how the energy feels... most times it's a subtle tingling sensation (sometimes it feels like it's in my bones.) Sometimes it's sharp and prickly.

Though a jabbing/stabbing sensation is concerning to me because assuming there's no underlying health problems causing it, I interpret it to an spiritual entity trying to latch on (it happened to me once and it hurt when it happened, it also caused a spasm in my back where it latched on, though the pain was very short-lived.) Idk ever since I started meditation I have tingling all over sometimes painful. Whatever, I think everyone is different. I have gotten tingling in my ears when I am supposed to listen to someone.  Tingling in my head when I have certain downloads/realizations similar to the feeling of when you get goosebumps listening to music.  Tiny little sharp pains when I am feeling “backstabbed” by someone’s energy. Eyes feeling sort of cold when I have realizations or “see” something.

I’d suggest keeping a running notes file on your phone and looking for patterns.

Eg- whatever you were thinking about, the sensation and where you felt it. It honestly just sounds like chronic pain, everyone feels pain in their body as they get older. But you might also be feeling other peoples pain. Now that you mention it I might have experienced something similar. 

I've always physically felt emotions, like anger feels like waves, low and kinda burns. Happiness is warm and fuzzy. But I can empathize with people's physical pain and sometimes do it unconsciously. I've had unexplainable pains/shifts happen and disappear as I'm talking or real close to people.

However, never rule out chronic pain as it can be a sign of something in your own body. I would just practice awareness, and ask questions about the sensations when they happen. "Why might I be feeling this? Is there someone around who could be causing this? Etc" You kind of sound like a medical intuitive. Some of us physically feel what the client is going through medically, others just know. If this is the case, grounding, clearing and cleansing your energy body can make a world of difference and great improvement. the only thing I've noticed lately that could be related to your question and I myself have searched to see what it means and can't really find an answer is..I have gotten like a dizzy light headed feeling while doing tarot and not all the time. The other thing lately is my left arm gets tingles and like the hairs on my arm stand on end. I never really had that before until recently. And I feel like it's when spirit is around or something. Anyone else ? You won’t really _know_ what it means without claircognizance. (It doesn’t mean you _don’t_ have it; if you get inexplicable _knowing_, you probably also have claircognizance as well).

You can, however, practice being aware and discerning of the various sensations, as well as practices that senses the energy that generates those sensations, and a shamanic exercise that personifies those sensations in a way where you can (temporarily) interact with it as if it were a person. (With the understanding that there is no absolute truth whether it really is a person or not) You might just be being oversensitive to physical things. Your body and cells are always feeling things. Sometimes they itch other times it's actual pain. Most often the mind ignores them. You might just be paying an overabundance of attention to these sensations. 

Especially if you don't meditate. Ain't no clair nothing if you don't sit. Just an over abundance of physical attention. While I experience all the clairs in varying degrees, clairsentience is definitely my dominant clair. What has helped me the most in learning to understand the messages I get is journaling. I write down what I feel and what happens that might be connected to it. This helps me keep track of details so I don't forget, and helps me see connections between things I may not otherwise have connected. Over time, I have seen some patterns emerge between certain sensations and certain events. Meditation has also been helpful in terms of learning how energy feels in my body and learning to tell my own normal energy vs. something that is coming from outside myself, so you may want to keep working with that, It definitely takes more than a few times to get any benefit out of it. I feel u, I think the most annoying part of development is having to affirm things urself instead of getting answers outside of urself. It's so annoying lol but so true. They do, but what they mean, you have to discover by yourself, because your body is trying to let you know things, but each body has different ways to communicate with the spirit. My recommendation, as it is what has worked so far for me: become mindful of your inner being, observe your feelings, emotions, sensations and thoughts, and notice when they happen simultaneously, as it is a hint on what they may be trying to tell you. There are some archetypal ways of relating parts of the body to symbology and esoteric concepts, those work sometimes too, but exploring your own ways to communicating with your body is the best way to be able to understand what it tries to tell you. They don't for me. 


Except in the instance of telepathic communication. I feel a burning on my skull whenever someone "calls" me. And the location of the burning sensation does vary depending on who is communicating. Sometimes the sensations I get are literal and specific, sometimes they correspond to the chakras mine is a hot feeling on different parts of my legs sometimes near the ankle for a few seconds, started happening just last month and idk what it means or what to do with it [removed] Offering readings for the next blessing that’s  coming to you. Don’t need any info to read the energies :)
So excited to do these, I feel like progress/expansion is happening for everyone at a rapid speed right now Hi. Am looking to practice tarot readings on people as a beginner. To gain experienceand test my accuracy. PM me if interested. If I dont respond then I got too many msgs or its out of my time zone. Thanks ♡. [removed] Idk about "chosen ones" exactly, but it depends of it's one of your active abilities, if it's not, you can still try, but it would be more challenging. 

This is an exciting time for humanity tho, and there are lots of people who will have crazy powers/abilities. There are already people that uses telekinesis/teleportation and so on, just because they don't flash it around doesn't mean they don't exist. They have to be wary, it isn't good to attract attention.

You have to completely set your mind to it, believe it, relearn it. You have to unlearn certain programming, do lots of meditations/visualizations and so on. [deleted] People don't start off good at science, they cultivate their scientific mind over years. Nobody starts off in life good at computers, they learn how to use them and cultivate that skill. We are all the same animal more or less. We have basically the same hardware starting out in life, it's just a matter of where you  decide to focus your attention. There are of course going to be outliers with natural talent but generally speaking I think tk can be cultivated. To me tk is easier than other "psi" stuff like remote viewing but I only say that because I just realized I could do tk last week and have no remote viewing experience. I believe anyone who is willing and committed can learn either skill. It’s a muscle but some people are more gifted because they’ve practiced it for centuries. I don’t know what muscle it is I think it’s near the back of the brain No, it’s not for “chosen ones”. It’s just like any other muscle in the sense that you have to put in a lot of effort -A LOT- before you go from slightly shaking an object to moving it slowly across the table to levitating it. It’s a function of intention and endurance of focus, and certainty but I can’t figure out how certainty matters, yet. Intention refers to the amount of energy you put out. Energy is the potential to do work, and the work the mind is able to do on matter expresses energy in the form of intention. The variables involved in one’s intention is the degree of focus and certainty, but I don’t yet understand what the exact action of the mind is that is required to  do telekinesis. I can tell intention, focus and certainty are important. 

It is not magic, so technically anyone can do it. However, summoning the energy and not becoming discouraged by the so-called impossibility is a huge psychological achievement. from a personal first hand experience, no. ain't no such thing as " chosen " ones. waste enough time and dedicate to spiritual practices, you'll be onto something. This is super common, it’s a form of precognition. Some days it’s psychic abilities, personally I believe everyone has it to some degree and it’s just more prominent in some people, kinda like gut feelings That’s crazy, did you ever think that the first person who commented on this thread would win the lotto? First, do not be scared of your powers. You have a gift. Also, do not think you are causing bad things to happen, you aren't. You are just seeing them before they happen.

Time does not work at all the way we are taught in school. Time is not a straight line, time is an infinite spiral that is constantly moving and shifting. Everyone has the ability to see things before they happen, that's why the term "déjà vu" exists. But for most people, it only happens once in awhile and is not an actual power they need to learn how to use and control so that it doesn't get in the way or overpower them.

With your gift, you will need to learn how your powers work, they will change as you get older and you will keep learning new things about yourself and your abilities. You will need to learn to control your powers so that it doesn't make you feel upset or panicked. 

Please start meditating. This is very important. I used to have the scariest panic attacks and they went away when I started meditating. Meditation will help you better understand your powers and be able to read signs and warnings easily. You will also be able to avoid feeling scared or overwhelmed by your visions. 

You should also carry a protective amulet with you at all times to help protect you when you are feeling overwhelmed and also keep away any negative energy, harmful spirits, energy vampires, etc. that love to mess with people who have psychic abilities and are doing spiritual work. With being psychic/on a spiritual path, comes psychic attacks, not just from other humans but various entities as well. Protection is key. A protective amulet can come in many forms and depends on your spiritual beliefs, culture, and personal preference. If you feel calm and protected when you handle this amulet, then it is the right one for you. Do not use something just because you think that's what you should use but you don't connect to it. You must connect to it and feel protected when you handle it.

I also recommend keeping a journal of all the messages you are receiving and what ended up happening in the material world after you received the messages. Write down as much detail as you can. Psychic visions are its own language and right now you need to learn how to interpret that language so that it can help you and not overwhelm you. The language will change a lot, but you will learn to understand the changes and shifts better with time and practice.

Your powers will be very useful, especially when trying to protect you and those close to you, which is the main benefit of having that ability. The one question that will really turn in your skill is wondering if you say something is it going to change the outcome?

Or the ole, am I creating this by thinking it twister?  The power of thoughts, reality creation. 

Then there is the I previewed my life before incarnating thought that creeps in.  Or the, did I dream this?  Or is this a dream?

Try to be gentle with yourself and don't panic.  Keep your thoughts focused on what you want to experience in your life.  That's usually the best advice in most situations. Synchronicity :)

you're on the right track; follow your heart :) Don't be afraid, it is just a part of who you are. Claim your power, but be responsible with it. There's lots of us who are the same, or similar. 

I recommend putting time aside each day to meditate. Draw healthy boundaries for yourself in both the physical and spiritual worlds. You're extra sensitive to both high and low vibes, so bouncing/neutralizing those low vibes is essential to your peace and happiness. There's lots of info out there.

Of course -- It's your choice whether you want to pursue the gifts or not. I used to see spirits as a kid. I blocked it. Then I used to get lots of precognition and synchronicity in my teens and early twenties. I blocked it. And now, I am back on the path again!

It can be put off... but to be honest, I don't think it's very healthy. I personally have not had a good time of it. I wish I had accepted myself sooner. But oh well -- live and learn, right?

Good luck to you friend - safe and happy travels on your spiritual journey. Sounds like you have been gifted with precognition Happens to me often, it just means you are in tune with the universe :) Take things slow, think positive+ and follow your passions. Everything will be revealed. Breathe and ground yourself. Are you learning any mysticism or spiritual information lately? This is the way life is supposed to be. You’re on the right track, just pay attention to your thoughts and only let positive ones in I think all of those are common. Don't know your age, but through your life youll be more and less connected, so just enjoy. It will come and go Think about this friendly internet stranger having a positive turn of events please! Yeah this happens to me all the time I think you're getting these as a warning so that you can do something about the more serious and deadly ones, like praying for those people or doing spell work or some kind of protective something to prevent the accidents and deaths from happening No need to freak out, love! This is honestly a natural part of being human. Just take the information as it comes. With time and experience you will learn how to respond to the info that comes to you. I’m still learning as well. Frankly I have had this type of things happening before. Unfortunately we cant necessarily stop whats meant to happen. With these things you really must not worry unless they are bad such as the last one.

They happen to me every once in awhile but definitely more then whats considered ‘normal’- if you want to call it normal. Only worry when something feels BAD. You will normally get a deep-empty-hollow feeling within your gut. Its almost as if your stomach feels its being sucked into itself and as if you can FEEL the color black in your stomach. This is all for negative associations. 

Be safe- Blessings be. The more you listen, the more you’ll hear. It’s a useful voice but try not to feel frightened or be disrespectful of your gift. Be honourable and kind and this gift will help you through your life. Yes, you are going through a precognition awakening and there’s no need to be scared. It’s really not that unusual. This is your foray into your awakening so take the time to learn about it and more about yourself as you experience all of these events. It can be a bit overwhelming and intimidating so just be patient with yourself. There are a lot of ways for you to learn how to hone these skills and one is through meditation. Just know that you’ll be okay.
Best to you on your journey!🥰 It happens to me frequently,  almost daily. These are all really strong vibrational shifts as well. It's one of two things - precognition or confirmation bias. Impossible for anyone else to tell you which, sadly. Unfortunately confirmation bias is a really big thing when people assume psychic phenomena are at play. For example 'I knew who was calling before I picked up the phone!' is super commonplace - but people are more likely to remember who they thought was calling if it proved true. Not saying the real deal can't happen, just that it's easy to think more is going on than there actually is.

Going forward, test it. If these thoughts were strong enough for you to have noticed them and remembered them, write down any thought that feels the same with a time and date, or mention it to a friend or family member (one that would be OK with weirdness!). Then write down if or when it happens IRL, and how close to the thought the event was, accuracy-wise. From your description, the events were similar or thematically related more often than they were exact, so it would be interesting to see how close things get. I think you’re experiencing synchronicity. 

https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Synchronicity

I personally don’t believe that people can tell the future, but instead you subconsciously observe clues that your brain subconsciously puts together and the only way to subconsciously communicate to you that something is going to happen is to have a song pop into your head. You're glimpsing timelines bud. That's how it is. 5d earth and all that Best advice I can give you is work on the “freaking out” part. You don’t want that to escalate. In the moment, in the present, relax. “The Universe” is unfolding for you. You will learn more. Don’t be in a big hurry. Self care is very important. All the things: good food, plenty of rest, getting in touch with nature, relaxation. Asking your angels/spirits/guides (or whatever resonates with you) to help, guide and protect you is also a suggestion. It works for me.

Edit: meditation is worth exploring. It took me heaps of practice. There is no ONE way to do it. If you suck at it when you start, that’s totally cool. It’s like learning to ride a bike. Or a horse.

The “freaking out” part escalated for me and I ended up as an involuntary patient for a month, discharged with a hard core dx. That’s cool. It was a trip, I learned a lot, but it could have been avoided. I lived with a very powerful medium.  She spoke directly to spirits while seeing them with her peripheral vision since she was 3 years old.  

A woman told her about her dream of having an accident in her car at a certain intersection.  She told her to stop going that route.  She did just that.  The accident still happened there with the same type of car the woman saw hitting hers.  

So, the accident still occured, but with a different person instead of her. 

So, ya, I totally get it. This is not as interesting but I had a similar experience recently. I was driving and listening to a song and I zoned out and started hearing Yesterday by the Beatles. After maybe ten seconds the car skipped the song playing in the middle (which never happens though I have a finicky radio) and plays Yesterday by The Beatles. Freaked me out a bit but moreso made me excited. I still don’t have a clue what to make of it now think that your powers will transfer to me and let's see it will happen or not😂 Kundalini syndrome. Check out the kundalini subreddit of Tara Springett on YouTube. You’re not alone. Stay rational. Equanimity is key here Omg weird same things with me. I’m still wondering wtf is it. I don’t know how I feel about knowing shit in advance .. I do the same thing i looked into it its known as the law of manifestation also known as working in the 5th dementin thinking law of attraction look into all the u will see It might just be manifestation. Dk Their are no accidents in the universe, the illusion of choice is just an illusion, you are just like water traveling down the river, u have no option but to flow even if u think u are still, you arnt. Dude! Be careful with your powers. You already made your teacher sick. Better learn how to control it fast before you hurt people! Actually I think I might have just been what’s called hyper focused Sounds like precognition, similar things have happened to me. Or it could have been a guide directly you to do that so you wouldn't get hurt. I have this. I can drop something that I'm holding and then catch it while it's falling down. It happens a lot Are you highly empathic? People do this to me as well. They say things like: I've never told *anyone* this, you're so easy to talk to, I don't know why I'm telling you this, etc.


Even strangers on the street will start talking to me and end up crying about how their Dad died last November or something.


For a long time I imagined that I had a flashing neon sign above me that said: tell me you deepest secrets and painful stories. Some people are just like that to be honest. They don't feel comfortable talking about these things to people in their lives so they spill to strangers. Maybe you're a great listener! Or you have good energy and people trust you What is your rising sign? Do any planets make aspects to it? I’m the same way. People tend to spill some of their darkest secrets to me and then they freak out afterward and beg me to stay quiet. They always say they don’t know why they told me those things. I’ve definitely had a lot of moments like that lately. I did some research and a lot do shamanistic and spiritual people call it “divine flow”.  Being psychic is taking in more information about your surroundings then other people. Some people are born with the gifts but never become curious about how it relates to all of the universe or other ways to push the boundaries of reality. Other people have a spiritual awakening and then suddenly realize that they have had abilities all along but they were suppressing them.  This was me. The thing about a spiritual awaking is that there if you keep your mind open all of it is now open to you - manipulating energy, mediumship, precognition, remote viewing, manifestation, telepathy, etc. The key to all of this is meditation. When I started to piece it all together how the paranormal is all connected via consciousness I realized that there have been many times where my husband and I would get to a hotel room and it would just feel “all wrong” and I would make him get us new rooms. There was one time in Flagstaff that we couldn’t get a new room so I went out and slept in the car it was that uncomfortable. When I mentioned this to someone on one of the psychic subreddits they recommended a book to me that is and was a game changer Managing Psychic Abilities: A Real World Guide for the Highly Sensitive Person by Mary Mueller Shutan. This isn’t a book for wanna be psychics. This is a book for people with abilities that need guidance for managing them and growing them. She teaches “spiritual hygiene” and discernment. I can’t recommend this book enough. Yes, synchronization is a strong indicator that you are aligning on your life path. Once it starts happening it will continue to happen and you will be able to use it to fuel your growth. In doing so you will likely see an increase in psychic abilities. I only recently developed psychic abilities due to healing work. Heal yourself and you will be able to connect into universal energy which is how most with extra sensory abilities are able to do it. I feel that way sometimes. I've always considered myself to be hyperaware of my surroundings and somewhat of an empath, but I've never really had any aha moments. I'm also close to synchronicity with time. Sometimes I ask my guides and family members to send me specific numbers when they want to communicate. Wooooot!!!!!! So cool and fun for you! Your life is about to get weirder and weirder! Lol. Synchronicities are really common in like big drives when u first start to open up and become aware of your relationship with spirit( or whichever way you want to call it). Meditate and definitely keep an intuition journal and record these experiences. This in itself is huge and will help a lot. The whole aspect of accepting and validation of these experiences is what is important. I’ve heard it called the pyschic child before, and by validating that you’re in fact listening to your inner psychic child , such as recording these things and stuff you are  strengthening her voice and then it starts to get louder and louder and the universe is like yay! Someone’s in the other line I’m gonna keep talking! One fun thing to do is to practice manifesting something small. My favorite and most intense experience with this was with peacocks. So like just make the intention to see peacocks and believe it’s gonna happen. Don’t try and plan to see them or get discouraged if you think it’s been too long and you haven’t seen them yet, just accept that peacocks are gonna show up for you and get excited. Like u can’t wait. The universe is creative so it will probably come kn an unexpected way which is so much fun. It took me like two days maybe and then I was invited over a friend of a friends house after hours from a bar and her entire basement was filled with like a hundred different peacock images and statues and stuff. It was so cool! It was only when I stopped like aggressively looking for them but didn’t diminish that it would happen that bam! It showed up and showed up big! Lol. There’s a lot of fun ways you can exercise them. Memory and focus games are good too because these abilities do require a certain amount of focus and memory so just doing that alone will help. Also you can write a number down at the beg of ur day and see if it shows up a lot
For u. Or ask
Spirit to show u repeat numbers to communicate with you. Have fun!!!! It’s called the [Baader-Meinhof Phenomenon](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Frequency_illusion) .

Simply put: once you pay closer attention to something common (watching a bird or bike near your car), you begin to notice it or mentions of it more often. The universe is chaotic and random, and things like this are more common than you think. 

The people around you are just as aware of their surroundings as you, their lives just as vivid as your own. Everybody has a complicated story, and anyone can predict the future occasionally if they make enough random predictions. I feel like I only lose energy while masturbating if I watch pornography while I’m doing it. Being present and using my imagination instead seems to be more enjoyable. But I really try to only do it when I have the urge- not just compulsively like I used to. It seems to regulate my sexual energy if I only do it when I actually feel the need. Sometimes ya gotta release The actions does not unbalance the centres, it is the thought processes behind the behavior that unbalance them. The unbalance is caused by the astral entity that are attached to the physical body rather than the physical body and outer actions, causing the unbalance. No. Porn addiction might. I don’t know about all this unbalance talk. Like where are you becoming unbalanced from? They’re energy centers and channels; I much prefer to talk about it in terms of blockage, flow and distortion. 

That being said, masturbation can actually be used to channel sexual energy throughout your whole chakra system. It’s amazing and if you’ve not tried it, I strongly suggest you do. Through this process, it can actually be used as an energy clarifier and enhancer. It can be intentionally used to unblock blockages. 

That being said, it isn’t always used this way and that can cause a lot of distortion and with enough of a rigid practice, can create blockages. I like to think of thoughts and intention like waves in a pool. When new thoughts come through, they create a ripple effect of other thoughts and feelings. Masturbating is highly energetic and can amplify these ripples. So a focus on something you view as shameful could cause a lot of big shameful ripples that can interfere and block and direct your thoughts, energy and action in the future. A focus on something beautiful and sensual and connecting and wholesome could have entirely different results. Who’s to say if it’s balanced or not, but it is intentionally choosing where your energy is directed and the affect it has on you. Not the action of it, is the thought about that, which is a red flag about our sexuality.

That person should have a trauma related or programmed into religions (another red flag) which causes at the same time some trauma For a man i think after release the first chakra is stressed out unbalanced for a week, because it takes a lot of energy to create semen Regular and unnecessary masturbation could. Masturbate only when necessary. Don't make it a habit or get addicted to it. Also, practise no fap once in a while atleast which will increase your self-control and also enhance your spiritual powers. ELL O ELL i think so. Yes it can unbalanced the chakra. Especially it cause Agya Chakra (The Third Eye) and root chakra(mooldhara chakra) deactivation. No but it increases dopamine No it’s good for that chakra From my understanding, semen is the most potant form of life force energy. It literally creates life. Im not too sure about chakras but it can drain you of chi There was an idiot who used to tell me mastrubation causes loss of spiritual power means ability to connect with divine. 🤦 yes. most definitely. you're abusing your sacral chakra, making it unbalanced. this will throw off your overall chakra energy since they will send energy to that chakra to heal it, but in return they'll have less energy. cut off all websites/thoughts that invoke lust. it is harmful. No if its in healthy ammount.

But overall if you are guy and you are ejaculating then you are losing a loooooot of energy. YES. In multiple ways. Sheilding helps a lot You can put salt around your doors, windows any openings. 
You can put up a huge wall of white light with the help of guardians or angels in order to block. 
You can reflect any energy or dissolve it in a field. What does it mean, someone getting reads? Visualize yourself in a protective light or warmth and ask your guides and other spiritual resources to protect you. You can say it out loud and/or pray if that is your thing. 

I listen to cleansing/protective meditation vibes. One time I put something to ward off dark energy and that night I dreamed of being choked by an evil spirit... I have no idea what this means but I'm keeping my positive energy. You planned it in between lives probably and that's why you had a feeling of it happening This sounds more psychological to me than metaphysical.  To me, it sounds like because you have an abuse background that you're always looking for that sense of home and belonging, which you didn't have.  People associate strong senses of loss with certain things.  You may want to look at the notion of["trauma bonding"](https://www.domesticshelters.org/articles/ending-domestic-violence/what-is-trauma-bonding?gclid=EAIaIQobChMImvucl6zW-AIVHfbjBx1ifwBeEAAYAyAAEgLCnfD_BwE).  That's more of what it sounds like may be going on. I know exactly what you mean! When I was growing up we moved around a lot, now that I'm an adult myself I've also moved a fair deal myself. I still feel connection with all the places I've lived, though some more than others. I still frequently dream about these old houses, and when I read books they're what I imagine the characters living in, and so on.

Recently one of the houses I feel most connected to went up for sale. I only lived there for about three years, when I was 10-13, but I guess those are pretty formative years. I haven't been there in about 18 years, but I want to see it so bad and I'm debating asking for a tour even though in reality I am in no position to buy it. I really wish I had the money to buy it, though.

I don't know if there's anything metaphysical about these emotions, but I do totally get what you mean about that insanely strong connection to a place. Hmm. What came to me is that you can pursue something like becoming a mentor, or a life coach. Have you ever considered that? 

Then people would come to talk to you. I had a great mentor that taught me so much. He was wise, open centered, and very spiritual.  Anyway, you sound like you'd be good at it The twin flame concept is only used to term what is an extremely spiritually catalytic relationship. This sounds a lot like my experience I had the kundalini awakening and then TF recognition shortly thereafter. The "telepathy" can be pretty upsetting I agree but the point is in spirituality that all things r within. While it's possible that she is sending u messages through astral or ether, it is fact that you are reacting to them in a certain way. (She may not be even doing it on purpose, it's possible, but it's also just as likely that she's receiving messages and projection from you too.) The point is to use all the pain, negative feelings that come up to identify triggers, transmute that and ultimately grow through it. 

In my journey, this is the only way to change the TF dynamic and shift out of the chaos. It is not easy but extremely rewarding. Like TFGemini said, you cannot "cut" the cord. Imagine u two r dogs walking on the same leash fighting for lead yeah it's annoying as fuck. But you are attached. This is the soul contract. The only way to shift is for one of you to move "up," and lead the other. Establish dominance per-se. Energetically of course. There can be no ego in this space it is extremely raw and difficult but this is why the TF journey is a major blessing even when it feels like a straight up demon witch curse. 

My advice- go within. Best of luck to u. I recommend moldavite (it's extremely protective and will assist you on your journey). Everything is energy and look into the law of attraction. Eventually once u both r in the same place then union may become possible IF thats what u want and for many this is a decades long lifetime journey. As spiritual ascension should be I have not found a way to block this type of communication. Most who are skilled in it are polite enough to disengage if you ignore them.


I have however, learned to creatively tell people to leave me alone. If I really don't want to speak with someone, or be observed by them, I SLAP them. I just create with intention, an automatic bitch slap any time they connect to or attempt to observe me. A slap so hard that it's "audible" to me. This also serves as a sort of intrusion detector, lol


Or you can envision her peering at you through a door or window, and slam it shut in her face.


If she persists, try envisioning your internal energy, pushing outward from you, to force her away from you. If she still persists, push her away with the force of like a small blast. Is the telepathy upsetting?

If so, you have every right to block it out.  Try clearing your mind/meditation first.

You can do chord cutting, and it doesn’t have to be painful. 

If she is actually your Tf it’s not so much a chord but rather you are the same soul.  And that’s not something that will change: many TFs do not come into union in a particular life time, or do so briefly. You can support each other energetically without need of a 3d relationship if that is not your desire.

You have free will and can shut off the connection, even if it’s “real”

But there are also false twins, or other hijacking that can occur. 

“ I am a sovereign being, and by the power of the god that I am, I do not consent to receiving messages from this being, entity, group or program” ( that will cover that person, or any other interference that could be on the line sending messages over the connection)

Try energetic chord cutting, there could be something from her heart to your navel (unhealthy) I like to visualize and literally “cut” with my fingers as scissors around my navel, and heart. You can also try cutting literal rope in a ritual. It doesn’t matter how you do it, it’s the intention.

You can call upon your guides, or if you align with the arch angels invoke them by name and visualize a sword made of energetic light.
 (no, they are not Christian in nature- I’d argue they were around long before and are ready to assist) First off, if these voices are telling you to do harmful things to yourself or to others, seek the assistance of a proper doctor.

Second thing, try shielding. I doubt this is a twin-flame thing (though it's difficult to discern if this is a vampiric attack) and if this connection is harmful, a cord-cutting ceremony ought to work.

Reason I don't think this is a twin-flame connection is that this connection is causing you distress and potentially harming you. Your twin-flame wouldn't do that (a decent human being wouldn't do that. Just sayin'.) The Kundalini awakening or as it's known in Buddhism; The Arising and Passing Away, released a ton of pranic energy, makes conscious awareness jump an octave of reality and can lead to powers. Because of the amount of energy you have at your disposal, the ability to manifest trajectories can be so forceful it can feel hard to control, like a powerful magnet that rushes and pulls towards anything shiny it wants or contrasts into fear. This insight stage is immediately followed by the stages of Dissolution, (which is the entrance into the Dark Night of the Soul), followed like clockwork by Fear, Misery, Disgust, Desire for Deliverance, Reobservation, and then Conformity Knowledge which spits out wide and cool and flowing into equanimity. 

The reason for this is because awareness is still in a dualistic pulse phased relationship with reality meaning ego is pulsing between figuring out what sensations in the field of awareness are you, and where is everything and everybody else. The A&P bursts that illusion by showing you unifying vision of reality and oneness but it's only a partial view because you see yourself as the center. This is a peak and profound move toward Enlightenment but for full enlightenment the illusion of a center point begins to be broken up.  So the Dark Night of the Soul are incredibly important insight stages where you acclimate to the sensations of non-duality which at first can feel terrifying and out of control. 

The first thing you should know is you are safe. Because you are not Lumpy-Ad's body or mind. You are awareness and Lumpy-Ad is within you. The Dark Night begins breaking that over identification with Lumpy-Ad. 

It might start with a twin flame and later everyone and everything is that tethered because there is no such thing as anything that is separate from awareness. The key is shutting down the ego mind before that happens so you move through life in perfect fluid zoning and watching thoughts go by. Or where thinking is not automatically felt to be the same as your volition. 

I'd strongly suggest reading Daniel Ingrams free book mctb.org where he goes into great detail about the Kundalini / A&P. 

The strategy is no matter how strange or terrifying these concepts feel you must note the sensations and thoughts aren't permanent (as in they flicker). If you can notice your fearful thought about twin flames flickers like frames of an old movie theater, then it breaks up the pranic energy you are feeding it and you won't tunnel into them. 

lmk what you think about these materials: 

https://www.mctb.org/mctb2/table-of-contents/part-iv-insight/30-the-progress-of-insight/4-the-arising-and-passing-away/

https://www.mctb.org/mctb2/table-of-contents/part-iv-insight/30-the-progress-of-insight/5-dissolution-entrance-to-the-dark-night/ Have you confirmed these conversations with her directly? 

You don't have to believe in TF to enjoy the intimacy provided by your connection to her. Just think of it as being really close to someone and being glad for it. 

What if you can never, ever, have this connection with anyone else for your entire life? What if you will never be this close to someone again? If it was me, I'd make the most of it right now and be glad that I can be so close to someone like that. it really depends om the type of connection, I know a person that I have a telepathic.energetic link with, I am unable to cut the cord with them as we seem to have a contract of some kind, but I was able to negotiate the contract & I have been setting many energetic boundaries in place to keep them out of my energy & space. that meant laying low on social media, & cutting out a lot of mutuals. the situation is annoying & tricky & I just dont have the time or energy to negotiate or communicate with this person spiritually right now. its just to much. you can telepathically tell her to leave u alone, take salt baths, do cord cutting & energetic shielding work. look into crystals for protecting your mental, emotional & energetic space. I am having the exact same experience without kundalini awakening. I mean not the “twin flame” thing, but some entities talk with me with only triggering topics in order to drive my life where who sent them asked them to. The entities can perform any voice and can make up any sound in my head. When the phenomenon started I was also hearing constantly a little whistle in my hears. By reading some books on psychic attack and protection from them I discovered that it’s the typical way we perceive the hole in our energy body created by those beings in order to communicate to us. Another important things is that in order to nail down the force of your energy body, someone (usually the attacker or one of them) will try to let you have emotional traumas or to install in you behaviors that will lower down your personal energy and self confidence. 

I am almost sure that if you look at happenings and the people around you, you’ll find clues about who may have triggered this situation.

Another way to spot who generated the issue is to think who will earn or is earning something desirable from your condition. Another way to tell this thing is where the money goes or who is taking advantage of you emotionally or in any other way. 

In my case their way was distracting me while they were taking from me all that they could! Be careful and find a trustworthy person who can help you.  

I have to tell you, by my side in 3 years I didn’t find one. People mostly have taken money from me without solving the issue they where asked to. 

I apologize for this negative viewpoint, but this is my experience and if it can help someone I am glad to share it. If what I said doesn’t make any sense for you, again I apologize, but just ignore it. 

Thanks for your sharing 🙏🏻 This doesn't sound like a twin flame to me! It could be SHE feels you are her twin-flame...

You can tell her energy 'no' with love.  Just like, have a heart-to-heart and let her energies know, even if it were true and you are her tf and she yours, you are not ready for that connection with her and she needs to respect your boundaries. Trying to force your submission to her belief through psychic attacks is really un-cool and causing you a lot of issues in your healing.

Something like:

I am so sorry.  Please forgive me.  I love you.  Thank you.

(The purpose of this is that any residual ties to the person drop because you've taken responsibility for your energy and acknowledged it's power by addressing other souls and beings this way, with love and respect-that harbor some type of emotional or other tie to you, we free ourselves and them at the same time). You need to meditate then make your intention clear that whoever or whatever is mentally telepathically communicating with them you want to close the connection off. Set the intent first, then sit and be the observer of the perceiver viewing the perceived. Try to have no thoughts. Doing this will dedicate all your energy to the will you intended and naturally it will work. Have no doubts. You can create anything. Get creative if you’d like visualize some sort of shield and program that shield with a intention of whatever it is you desire for example blocking the specific person from getting thru Can’t block it. I tried. You can ask your guides for help. Mines told me they’ll give me a break but it’s part of the process. You can’t run from your TF. You are one. The universe will constantly remind you. I remote view almost every day. Twin Flame journey is extremely difficult because you are essentially the same soul in two separate bodies. 

The sensations and feelings experienced are individual, intense and require a lot of soul and energy work on oneself.

However, a decent human being should lift you up and encourage you to be your best self. It is possible to have a twin flame connection with a toxic person and that's our choice to decide what we want for ourselves.

You can set boundaries and protective measures. Ask your guides and spiritual resources for help. Could be true. 

But does it sound rational that you are really communicating with a girl that likely barely remembers you from high school? Does it even seem remotely possible that she is putting this much effort into attacking you? It's so far from reality that you must logically see that?

If you don't then that's likely an indication of the issue you are currently facing.

The Djinn will deceive and attack those that are open and susceptible. They will lie and feed off of you, it's the laws of nature, you are easy prey, your vessel is corrupted. Sounds like you encountered a higher being. I've experienced both the "mind tugging" which you describe, as well as *feeling* that something looked at me. 


When you can connect to the metaphysical, sometimes beings wish to check you out. Sometimes they will extend communication and sometimes they simply have a look at you and leave you alone. Sometimes they wish to impart knowledge or information. And sometimes, they're out to mind **** you. 


It can be disconcerting when you first experience this stuff, especially when your only resource is how you feel and instinct. I was the same as you, pushing all of it away from the time I was a teen, by mentally yelling go away, leave me alone. I don't KNOW you! And then I'd crawl right back into my safe cocoon of logic and skepticism, lol


As an adult, I started on a spiritual path and began placing my brain into a meditative state. Reality is nothing like I thought and EVERYTHING is possible with the human mind and brain. It sounds like you did a good job defending and extracting yourself. It seems you may have astral projected. I don't have enough information or knowledge to give you more perspective, but I have read similar accounts and it seems you projected somewhere else. And that's beautiful and very fortunate! If you did Astral project, don't worry, you can't lose yourself and stay there. There is a silver cord that attaches your body to the one that astral projects, and you will always go "back" to yourself no matter how far you go Your ego has to die in order for you to fully open up to the other side.  You merge in a way with the energy flow.  It is like a raindrop landing in a deep body of water. everyone is psychic. some people are born more sensitive than others. just like some people are born with a natural inclination to golf, piano, or singing

you can be afraid if you want. you don’t have to develop any of your abilities. just like you set your boundaries with your aunt that crossed, you can set those boundaries with your self, your abilities, and any other “entities” that you may perceive

it sounds like you would benefit from some self soothing and inner child work around your abilities before deciding what kind of boundaries you would like to set. you always have free will

exploring your abilities is meant to be expansive, empowering and fun

any attempt to explore your abilities with your current perspective clouded by fear may cause more harm than good

think of your abilities like a bottle of champagne

if you shake and agitate the bottle before popping the cork you get sprayed, the walls get sprayed, the ceiling gets sprayed… it’s a mess

if you simply pick it up and open it, you get to enjoy the bubbles

when you get scared just put the bottle down. no one is going to force you to open it It seems to me you already know the answer. You just want someone to give you permission to not believe it. It’s ok to fear what you don’t understand but don’t let it stop you. From what I understand, left ear is internal energy shifts (changes in your internal vibrational state) while right ear is external energy (contact from the other side, etc) Could be spiritual, could be tinnitus, or high blood pressure too. Rule out the medical causes first! I get the same thing and I've assumed it to be the presence of a spiritual entity making itself known to me (for what reason I don't know.)

Perhaps the same is true for you? First, get hearing checked, as tinnitus can indicate hearing damage So I'm not the only one? Left ear too, it's virtually permanent, and started when I had my awakening. Or.. I first noticed it some time after that, I should say.

Closest thing to an explanation that i could find is, spirit is trying to send me messages, only, unfortunately my "antenna" isn't calibrated properly. Maybe just a tinnitus without any psyshic cause. I have it in both. It could just be natural, like mine. 

The hardest part after experiencing some high strangeness is to differentiate normal from paranormal after the experience. The best idea is to think normal 1st. Does anyone ever have the feeling that your ear is opening up? Hard to explain but in some moments, it feels like my ear is trying to listen more. Hopefully it’s spiritual and not tinnitus.  I suffer from Tinnitus and it started as an occasional high pitch noise in the ear and then eventually graduated to all the time For the last week both of my ears have been ringing none stop Tinnitus First rule out tinnitus or anything medical. 

If it's spiritual perhaps spirit is communicating and you just can't hear the message..  yet. 

If you're not practicing meditation already, it's the best way to quiet the ego mind. The more quite your mind the more clear "reception", for lack of a better word, you'll have. It won't happen over night just keep at it. i have something similar happen to me but instead it sounds like its in my brain and if i focus on it i can keep hearing it until some other noise distracts me or i stop focusing i dont know what it is tho It's like listening to the electrical signals of your brain. (in the case where it is not tinnitus) I have experienced it myself. Was reading earlier on Twitter an empath says our vibration frequency has been changing and we will get through this and be better then ever. Ready for ascension Sounds like a toothache, I’d hit up a dentist Rule out medical causes first.

Maybe spiritual. Sometimes one of my ears clogs up and rings for a minute or two and stops.

Other times it feels like my head is under water, it's clogged, I can hear myself and it goes away when I flip my head down. Trying to rule out medical issues first. Left ear ringing is a warning For me it has started when energy beings started listening and talking (against my will) to me. I read a book of a famous occultist of the last century saying that it’s the effect of an hole in the energetic body we all own. Unless legit tinittus. Yes some form of communication is against you or coming from your left side psychically, or both. Legit real. Some will be skeptical but enough anecdotal experience and proof in my life to know now. That you have tinnitus It could be a spirit trying to communicate, I usually get it in my right ear accompanied by physical sensations like chills and cold breeze on my arms. From my understandings the left ear is not a trustworthy contact It likely means your ear is ringing. You have tinnitus. Go see a doctor? 1 and 2: trial and error. 3: the birds were obviously on their way back from the mosque. When you have abilities become apparent it will be obvious. And that bird chorus Islamic prayer. Weird. I have a vague memory of that. As a muslim we believe birds say the prayer.prophet Solomon used to understand bird language I didn’t know people can hear them too there’s a mythical language called the Language of the Birds, only the enlightened can understand (also some ppl in turkey, i think, use it to communicate over distances). 
you know as they come (for 1&2) [removed] Yup happened to me one night after contemplating suicide. I believe it was my higher self just trying to soothe me While I can't give you a direct answer you should know this is an extremely common experience among many many people. Soooo many people report hearing their name called at night or while they have their eyes closed trying to sleep. Good question. I'd like to know the answer as well. This happened to me once very clearly. I was in a dark time in my life and utterly alone and absolutely nonspiritual. It made me perk up like a tiny spark It could have been an astral journey where you were having an interaction with someone and being so close to sleep made it easier for you to perceive and remember.

Also it could have been someone "pinging" you, names can be used to create a connection with someone psychically and are sort of identifying terms. My angel number is also 44, it has guided me many times at risky periods of my life (with big decisions looming) It's possible this was a [hypnagogic hallucination.](https://www.medicalnewstoday.com/articles/321070)

EDIT: I've had visions/hallucinations during that period of time between sleep and wakefulness. I've also experienced no such phenomena since the house-ward was installed (a system of wards to keep out spiritual beings and other energetic interferences.) So perhaps what you're experiencing is legit and some basic protections ought to help resolve this. Though don't discount the possibility that this is just a hallucination. It could be (which means there's nothing to concern yourself about.) I feel like my spirt guide done the same thing this morning when I did not want to wake up this morning but I accomplished so much to achieve my goal in life.. listen to it! What are you wanting to do or think about what your goals are for the day? Or imagine what you we’re supposed to and forgot what you were wanting to do! I done everything I wanted to today and it was because I got up when I did thanks to my spirit guide ❤️ It usually happens with me. I always hear people calling my name but when I ask them, they either refuse or sometimes, they aren’t even around I would also love some answers to this. It doesn't happen to me too frequently, but when it does, it's hard to forget. There was one night when I was still living at my parents' home (either college days or shortly after graduation) and I began to drift off to sleep in my bed. Then, very closely to my ear, as if hovering over me or coming from inside my ear itself, I heard my mom sternly, and clearly, shout my name. I bolted upright and went downstairs to see what she wanted, but mom was sound asleep 🤔

The most recent was here in my apartment. I began dozing off on the couch and heard a man (again sternly and clearly) shout my name. I was alone so talk about alarming. YES. This happened to me recently too. 

It was very late at night when a friend of mine was talking to me about about her past relationship.

I was kinda passively listening and mindlessly doodling at the same time so I think that kind of "relaxed concentration" helped. She also kept saying that I'd be able to guess who the person was if she told me where the person lived; like because she believed in me so much my guess is we had a strong "connection" during that moment too?

When she said the city, I just INSTANTLY knew the answer. Mind you, the topic of her story was a person I'd never even met/talked to before so imagine our surprise when I was able to give her a name - a full name.

Granted we all went to the same university, but how could I have known exactly who if we both mutually know hundreds of other people that went to uni with us too? Also if I didnt know who this person was before, how could I have associated them with the city my friend mentioned? 

When we both started to freak out, she asked me how I knew and I couldnt give her an answer... All I know was that a name just popped in my head and I KNEW it was correct before I even said it. There’s a few different practices, but grounding and sheilding are the gold standard and easiest to do. Grounding usually takes the form of slow, deep breaths, and being observant of the physical world around you, some people call it “being in the moment”. This gives you a much greater control of energy and emotions. There are some variations that use mantras and visualization, but those aren’t always needed. The second one is sheilding. Grousing gets rid of and stabilizes what’s here, sheilding keeps new stuff out. This has the same principal of deep breathing, but is more of a visualization exercise, imagining yourself surrounded by a white light of protection. Imagine all the things about this light and focus on them, what shade of white is it? Is it cool or warm feeling? Where is the light coming from? Perhaps your chest or belly? This really helps center the idea in your mind and manifest this protection for you Try this. Sit in a chair. Close your eyes. Take a deep breath. Feet flat on the floor. Hands separated and resting palms up on each thigh.

Create a grounding cord. This is a line of energy that connects your first chakra to the center of the planet. Your first chakra is a ball of energy about the size of a quarter that sits just in front of the base of your spine. Your grounding cord attaches to the bottom of that ball of energy.

Grounding makes your body feel safe, so you release energy more easily. Gravity pulls whatever you release, even your own energy, down to the center of the planet. No effort on your part. The center of the planet neutralizes the energy and returns it to whoever owns it. No karma for anyone. A virtuous cycle.

Nearly everyone goes to connect to the center of the planet the first time but stops at the soil, often making roots like a tree. This is a method that is taught in some martial arts styles, but it is not the best option for your spiritual development and healing.

So, notice the seat of your chair. Take a deep breath. Notice the distance between the seat and the floor. Now notice the distance between the floor and the soil below. Breathe.

Now notice the distance between the soil and the water table underneath. Notice the distance between the water table and the rocky mantle. Notice the distance between the mantle and the molten core below that. Deep breath.

Notice the distance between the molten core and the center of the planet. That ball of light at the very center of the planet is where you connect your grounding cord. Deep breath.

Say hello to the center of the planet. Do you get a hello back?

Notice the color and texture of your grounding cord. It may look like a line of energy, or look like something physical; a rope, a wire, a pipe, a tree trunk. Adjust it as needed to be in affinity with your body.

Getting this far means you've already released some energy from your aura and body. Now it is time to fill in the space that was created.

Create a gold sun over your head. Have it call back all of your energy from wherever you left it throughout your day and week. Work. School. Online meetings. Video games. Your fantasies about your future. Your regrets about your past. Wherever you've placed your attention. Just watch the energy come back and see if you notice where it came from.

Have the sun burn up and neutralize your energy. Then bring the sun into the top of your head. It will automatically flow into the spaces you created. Create a gauge to measure when you're full. Like a fuel gauge or oil gauge. You'll run better if you aren't a few quarts low on spiritual oil. If the gauge doesn't read "Full", bring in another gold sun.

Open your eyes, bend over and touch the floor, draining any tension from the back of your neck, then stand up, and stretch.

There is a progression with this technique. After grounding for ten minutes a day for a week or two, notice your grounding cord at the very end, while you're standing with your eyes open. Continue to ground with your eyes open and standing, and bring in another gold sun. Each day, increase the amount of time that you ground standing up with your eyes open.

After a week or two practicing this, add walking while grounded. Just notice your grounding cord as you walk. Say hello to the center of the planet while you walk. Bring in a gold sun while you walk.  If you lose your grounding cord, stop walking and recover it. If you have to, sit back down and close your eyes and create a new grounding cord.

After this, you're ready to take your grounding cord with you into your daily life. Shopping. Getting coffee. Wherever you go, you can ground. This, combined with a little amusement about seeing new things on an energy level, will keep you safe and sound.

Now that you're here, at the end of your grounding meditations, create a gold sun over your head. This time, fill it with your highest creative essence, your present time growth vibration, and your affinity for yourself. The first energy is a healing for you. The second is a healing for your body. The third is a healing for your affinity in your fourth chakra.

Bend over and touch the floor. Stand up and stretch. If you're ready for more, sit back down and ground some more. Otherwise, have a nice day!

Note that every image you imagine, the gold sun, the grounding cord, the center of the planet, your first chakra, your body parts, is exercising your clairvoyance. You may be imagining what your tailbone looks like, but you're also creating the image of your tailbone and reading its energy. This is practicing your clairvoyant ability. stop dealing with them? remove them from your life? you do not need spirituality to remove bad vibes from your life, you need a "balls" only how about going to a yoga class? or any class that you would enjoy

when you start practicing these abilities you’ll start attracting others that do or are at least open to the idea

it’s just about meeting new people so meet new people in whatever way it feels right

get to know others, let them get to know you and slowly open up about your practices when you feel comfortable

try not to get attached to anyone as they may very well not be into it and that’s okay!! (not always easy to remember)

what you seek is seeking you and remember that you are the best friend you’ll ever have so be compassionate and kind with yourself! Some shops offer classes or have psychics come in for paid readings. 

Impressive not sure how long it with take for things to get back to normal though. 

A word of advice about these community. Keep your expectations low. Keep your guard up again fraud. There is a lot of it. Especially when money is involved. I normally try to find a foundation or association I have the Edgar cayce foundation near me. My experience with looking at metaphysical shops is that you’re more likely to find covens than an organization. I'm clairaudient. My experience;  I always here Spirit come through using words. Not like a full on conversation, but a few words.

About a year and a half ago I started hearing a very high pitch frequency (not loud, just high pitch). Only in my right ear and only in the early morning hours during my sleep. 
It sounds exactly like ( don't laugh) morse code. It starts around 2:30 - 3:30 AM lasting until I get out of bed. It doesn't keep me from sleeping, but I would like to know why it's happening.

So just to rule out ear or sinus issues I saw my doc who sent me to ear, nose, throat specialist. Doc says all is good & normal except for one change. Apparently my hearing has gotten sharper, My range of hearing has increased greatly outside of what's considered "normal".

I agree. Loud noises, a loud TV, music, power tools, or PA system in a store is the worst. It's pain full to my ears. Unfortunately doc doesn't know why, but knows enough that there is no fix.😕 Apparently this happens to 1 in 50,000 people.

No, I didn't tell him I am clairaudient.  
I hate that I feel I have to hide that part of who I am bc these abilities THAT WE ARE ALL BORN WITH are still not accepted/acknowledged as main stream in society.
But with more & more folks awakening, hopefully in my lifetime, it will be perceived as NORMAL.🙏 When I began my discovery, I Conducted tests with myself and my spirit guides. For Example: ________(higher power/God/etc)  Can you turn it up-just a tad bit more so I can distinguish better? Also, pay attention to what’s going on when your ears start ringing and have a note pad to see if you spot any patterns. Also, don’t be afraid to set boundaries with your gift. “I’m not accepting anymore messages, it’s quiet time, STFU.” 

SN Story: At my old house,this spirit would try to get me to hear her side of the story. Her energy was kind of like Eeyore (sad,pessimist,depressed) and she would come in… WHILE IM DOING THE DISHES 😡I said 🗣B**** don’t come in here with that. No, I can’t help you right now. Just because I’m in the kitchen doesn’t mean you get to rant like that.” 

Hope this helps a bit 😌🖤 It sounds familiar. I guess you need to meditate more to develop it. I had similar meeting but with ben drowned\[related to creepypasta called: BEN DROWNED\] only once,retracted from talking with a thing mentioning ben drowned ever since that event. Also learned that provoking this stuff might not end well. Sleep paralysis is a weird thing. I have experienced it twice and both times were different but equally terrifying. All that to say that it’s not uncommon. I do sympathize though because as it happens you are as if in a movie just watching helplessly. Our brains do not enjoy having rem sleep disturbed and may have caused this episode you’ve experienced. Angel number are signified based on the number. 4:44 is a number that signifies that your guardian angel is with you and is watching over you. This can also be seen as a sign of protection, so if you see this number, know that you are protected. it could be a sign that you need to call on your guardian angel and others for help. So it may mean your guardian angels are listening and are ready to help in anyway, listen to your intuition cause it also may be that a big is coming your way and your angels are with you every step to support and guide you Sounds like a raising of vibration by letting go of negative things When I first started doing energy practices like this, I was shocked too how I could feel the vibrations!! It was so real!!! And I thought to myself… how did I live 40 something years of my life and not know that energy healing could be so effective and beneficial!! I’m hooked on it!!!! It really is amazing!!! I’m glad you felt it ❤️ Love is the strongest energy in the universe, and next to that is gratitude and forgiveness so you were calling in a very powerful vibrational force into your system. Not unusual at all that you felt that energy. Not every can feel energy like that so enjoy that experience and learn ways how to work with light energy for healing the self and maybe eventually working with others.🤗🥰 Thats just how muscle works Lovely name btw. You have a sense of 'that was me,' and 'that explains me' You don't. You can't. Through hypnosis. What you see in your dreams is no actual you. Most often you are only witnessing a reality. One of millions. They can relate to actual reality but usually thy do not. You see many things in dreams, more you don't remember. Instinct practice divination such as geomancy, i ching, or tarot cards daily to sharpen the skill. then simply journal your experience of psychic prediction in as much detail as you can. as for intent, work on your willpower & restraint from externals. It has been my experience over the last 15 years dealing with precognition that it is a gift that you do not control.  You have to take it as it comes to you.  The only times that I speak up about what I see ahead of time are the events that could harm people.  Unless lives are at stake, it has been my experience that it is best to keep quiet. It's very much possible to learn control of your abilities since you're clearly exhibiting psychic abilities, make it easier to understand in a way you can, study the energies providing insights for predictions and rule out possible scenarios. Either way mentoring and proper research of your abilities is most efficient, since you'll get insights from an experienced diviner who's been in your position You kinda don’t, it comes when it wants, but being grounded and introspection helps you sue that info better I’ve definitely experienced this, both at home and work. The only common thing is that it’s always a female voice. Same thing happens to me. Usually before bed or during meditation. Could be beings in the astrals trying to get attention. Have you heard other things besides your name? I have, don’t have an explanation tho I am actually reading a book that provided an interpretation of this experience. It said when you hear your name being called but you look around and no one is trying to get your attention, it could be that someone is thinking of you or thinking of contacting you. I also agree with one of the other replies, it could be an astral trying to get your attention. Welcome to the wonderful world of having psychic gifts. They're not as cool as people think most times. I get chest pain and am unable to breathe when I get these kind of messages.

Seriously though, if you're interested you can start looking into it and see where it leads you 😊 I'll tell you a story about a day where I was so very frustrated that my emotions spilled into other negative energies. I design and develop software, and in my profession, devs can go from being immensely confident to having a crisis of confidence in a single project. Frustration becomes impatience, which turns into anger and questioning of one's career (short lived [Memes about it](https://www.reddit.com/r/ProgrammerHumor/comments/qe0q5o/i_am_not_a_bipolar_but_a_developer/) ). 

One day the frustration was particularly bad and I was struggling with concentration. It got to me and my wife walks in, sits on my lap. I feal a 'bubble of negative energy' in my stomach and it starts to ease (I physically feel this energy start to 'pop' towards my wife). I stop it because I feel it going into my wife. She looks at me and says 'Its ok, just let it go.'. I let it go and she instantly bursts into tears crying. 

From my experience, it seems you can physically feel someone's emotions, more than our physical laws suggest. The question is can you experience this with random people instead of your life-partner and with less intensity? You are now becoming awake! Congratulations the world is not at all what you thought it was - it’s a million times more weird and wonderful the n you ever imagined. 

Precognition is one of the things that registered in me first. I had dreams that absolutely came true and I didn’t know how to tell anyone about it.  I also realized I could sense then energy was “all wrong” - so many times we would travel to hotels and I would make my husband change rooms because the room just felt “bad or wrong”. I never let myself really think why! Along the way posting here I found some great help. First - this book is a game changer - Managing Psychic Abilities: A Real World Guide for the Highly Sensitive Person by Mary Mueller Shutan. This isn’t for wanna be psychics - this book is for people who are either just realizing they have ability or know it and want to be able to manage it in their lives. It teaches about psychic cleansing and protection things that are essential now that your are aware that you have some ability. Also once you are aware all bets are off - it has become a spiritual awakening. This means that you shouldn’t pigeonhole yourself as just psychic abilities. Guess what else is real? Magick, Remote Viewing, Mediumship, Manifesting (Law of Attraction), telepathy, energy work, divination, tarot, life after death - it’s all on the table now. You should learn just how far you can go with all of this and keep yourself protected. Each of these has a subreddit with fantastic people that will help you along the path. 

Secondly there is a subreddit called /r/precognition which is very specific to - you guessed it - precognition.  It’s very satisfying to see the the science and other available resources on this topic as well as being able to grow this ability and meet other people with similar stories. Definitely join in on the fun! I want to thank everyone for your encouraging words and advice! I’ve been super confused about this whole thing since last night and have even talked to my mom about it. I feel like i’m ready to explore this world. Thank you everyone so much. [removed] I would not call this an existential crisis. I think you have realized that there's much more to your existence than the body you inhabit. Well done! Wow! Interesting how the stars align sometimes, right? Precognition saved my life in so many ways. I had my first precognitive dream at 21 and also went thru an existential crisis a bit. But I wouldn’t change it for the whole world. The universe is so much more fascinating to me and I wish people only knew the fraction of what they’re really capable of. I have been having reoccurring dreams since I was a child. I can usually tell now at 29 which are authentic and which are coming from a place of ego. Recently I have been magnetically drawn to certain people that I had dreamt about years ago but not met in real life YET. All met in very random, and very specific turn of event type situations that took a lot to get to in the first place (like a last minute emergency work trip to SF on Memorial Day and meeting in a hotel bar that wasn’t serving food, and randomly being approached and talked to for hours when normally people do not approach you?). I’m almost tripped out by it and I’m not sure if it’s because I am being drawn to certain vibrations that are at my same energetic level or if something else is happening but it would sure be nice if we could tell when or if something was worth putting energy into 🤣  i definitely exercise alot of caution when deciphering my dreams and sometimes that means that I will have had the same dream for years before the premonition occurs. Usually they are very close to the event that occurred in real time as well, but I don’t put that together until analyzing afterwards typically. I now keep a dream journal. Highly recommend. i've had dreams come true before, or dreams that didn't make a lot of sense that do weeks/months/years later. I recently had one where my partners deceased father (he died in December, we started talking in April) came to me in a dream and introduced himself. At the time, I didn't know who it was. My partner then told me later on his dad died in December. I looked up the obit, and it was the man from my dream.

i didn't tell my partner about this, as i didn't want to freak them out.

i've also had dreams where dead relatives visit me and we hang out in the dream. i had one not long ago of my cat that passed away, and he let me pet him.

minds are funnt things! Yes, I've had an experience a lot like that, though it wasn't in a dream, it was in a vision I had in a trance.

It kinda makes me uncomfortable to talk about though because it involves someone's last moments. I learned later a few years afterwards that the important details I saw were accurate.

What I can suggest is to relax and do some grounding exercises. I can't give you any pointers on how to control this because I haven't fully learned how to control it myself. Stop thinking about them. You're probably in a mild depressive state. I was like that for 8 months after letting go of my narc. Stop pining over those past few good memories you had together. That's connecting you to their energy. Emotional energy like love transcends space and time, so you dont even have to be in the same place or time to connect with someone energetically if you love them. You have to let yourself be sad and grieve their loss. Like that person died. Trust me. Those type of people do not change. Toxic people are toxic because they were brought up that way. That person isnt going to change just for you. Being a narcissist is their natural state. They've probably been that way since early childhood or adolescence. 

Find something to do. Take some classes, find a new side job. Find something that will take up your time and make you focus on other things. that way your mind and heart doesn't always go back to the past. Light exercise does wonders for depression. And cold showers. The cold will make your body release norepinephrine which will counteract the depression. Exercise helps produce dopamine which should help you feel okay for a few hours.

Hope you get better. Love yourself the most. In a year you'll be appalled at what you let yourself go through by being with this person, and you'll be someone that will know and attract better. have def dealt with some narcs & it seems they have strong energetic cords I have had them interfere in my dreams before. lots of showers & epsom salt baths, yes cord cutting also Try and be friends with them, dont fight them anymore, youre not doing too well with your current approach so change your approach, reach out and validate them, make them feel like they dont want to hurt you anymore. Be there friend. when u start seeing more clearly, u may feel anger or resentment, I have experienced that recently. been having things revealed & mourning parts of my life I felt I wasted by over giving to others & letting them cross my boundaries for years. people I dont see or talk to (anymore) but caused me a lot of damage in regards to relationships  & ability to form close bonds. Yes once you see you also see the shadows. Shadowwork is really important at this stage. You need to let it come up search for the root of it and forgive at the root. It may take some time or you even have to do it more than once. Important is to really find the root and forgive the situation and heal.

In zen this is called going to the mountain and it ends with the words „ARIGATOU ZAISHÖ“ which means thank you, illusion

The mountain is a picture for your consciousness. While at its feet the next level of consciousness awakens it then get more steeper until the top you are surrounded by ice and harsh conditions like the final trial of your new consciousness

Once cleared and you placed the stone and cloth ( or cross or whatever you think is your sign) you have achieved a dhyana ( a status of consciousness)

Good luck That could be something unexpressed within you. I have ancestral anger from opening mine but it’s almost at conflict with the peace Im gaining within Bc that’s what’s needed in the world if that makes any sense I'm fighting it, honestly. I feel the anger but I see it as a negative pathway, leading only to pain . Nothing you can do about things that happened even a second ago. All you can control is your present and future. 

I feel anger over many things, including people that simply won't listen but I cannot make them and anger sets me up for personal pain by creating an environment for it to snowball.

Now, if you haven't put these things to rest in your life, then perhaps that's what you are going through. A pathway to forgiveness. Question:"how did you open it?, because I have been trying to open it recently any tips and tricks?"
Thank you. It is important to remain calm and proceed slowly.  It can get stressful sometimes, but the important thing to remember is that the future is not set.  Not everything you see will come to pass, but a lot of it will.  Speaking from experience, the only scenarios where it is worthwhile warning folks ahead of time are when a life or lives are at stake.  If you have questions or need someone to talk to, my dm's are open to you.  You are not alone. If I could add, make sure to look after yourself/energy. Try stay grounded and don't let yourself slip. I made that mistake and it took a long time to rebalance and get back on top of myself.   


It's a gift for sure, but it can turn into a curse if you aren't careful. Trusting yourself, meditation, grounding, all the good stuff will keep you on the right path. Good luck and you can also DM me if you have questions or just wanna chat. May I ask what type of meditation you did? I got a message that I'm supposed to work on my root chakra so I've dedicated my whole week to it. Seeing this when I go on is very synchronistic. I dont see with my physical eye yet.. Your doing great. Keep unblocking the rest of the chakras. one by one. The svadhisthana will guide you and especially the manipura will help you to find confidence in your precognition. 

Once you cleared the heartchakra the upper chakras mostly unblock themselves to the crown. And you can go from there to the higher chakras. Meditation will be your ally in this.

More because it'll help you keep your chill vibes chill. But it'll also give your mind a chance to connect with these visions (though keep in mind, not everything is set in stone.) 11 life path? I like to call it intuition, but lots of people say psychic Put energetic protection around your physical and your astral bodies. Very interesting. However, I believe the group you want is r/astralprojection

This group is very supportive and good for you to stay in as well Some may not know what you are. Perception is different for everybody. Keep in mind that those who can perceive you to an extent are sensitives and practitioners of different traditions. Most would rather not take chances. Sounds pretty interesting and I’d love to hear more about your experience. 

Now, I’ve interacted a little bit with this side of things (hence the username), and usually it’s one of a few things:

1. Beings looking to pick a fight, for sport or out of boredom. Generally a firm no will help them to back down.

2. Less experience beings mistaking you for evil. This seems to be more common as more people discover the astral and are (rightfully) paranoid. Again, be confident and calm. 

3. Energy theives or in general bad beings looking for something to gain. These require a little more work and eventually you’ll need to actively fight back or have good sheilding in place. Having such protections is a good idea regardless, it’s like a repel in Pokémon - keeps the less powerful things you don’t care about away. Don’t say “I just knew”, say “I had a hunch”. People take that much better.

I’m trying to understand how the CCTV looks into the bathroom… I feel this! It really sucks when you can tell someone has very dark energy and everyone thinks  they're great and that youre weird for not loving them too lol. I also hate it because I can tell when people are talking badly about me :( and a few times Ive definitely felt someone thinking about me sexually. It's taking me years to accept that I have these gifts as well. I feel like I found a lot of answers in non-duality. The future is not set and I have yet to find a way to not sound nutty when discussing future events.  Been dealing with this stuff for 15 years now and still learning.  The important thing is to be patient and stay calm.  Unless harmful events are coming, I usually keep it to myself. I’m in the same position and look crazy 😂 not helpful I know. Mines mainly a feeling I know when and where something is going to happen but not exactly what it is. 
I have dreams but I don’t usually realise I’ve had the dream until I’m having the experience then it all comes back and I know what’s coming next You just live with it,as usual. Grow indifferent as it is daily occurence,same as in my case.

My abilities mostly relate to vision so i grew indifferent and play around them:

>!Like if i see a black cloud moving in the corridor of my house i pretend to not notice it,otherwise missfortune will be shot at me,which i tested multiple times.!<

>!Sometimes i see something in the corner of my eye and if it is nice colour\[one of the rainbow\] i just drag its attention to me for some luck.!<

>!Sometimes i have visions of future.!<

>!Sometimes i have cryptic nightmares,my last nightmare was similar to final fantasy 4 asura trial where i was tested by 3 entities in the bodies of the kids.!<

>!Sometimes i am forced to sleep to experience a nightmare or dream of future.!<

And i am living with all of it,it's preety normal in my life and i dont talk about it outside the internet. So get used to your abilities or grow indifference to em. When I’m around others or if someone else is home with me , i speak with my guides through my mind. After all that’s how I hear them so yes ! You don’t need to speak out loud to them, they hear it all. It takes practice to discern your inner talk from theirs. Sometimes they come across as different voices and sometimes, your own. Then you have to figure out is the energy your or theirs.  I find if it’s your voice, it’s usually a weaker spirit, they can’t quite get enough together to appear different enough. 

Eventually, you can have full conversations and not a word is spoken. Practice and if you aren’t sure, ask them for signs. Maybe things are said in a way you’d never say or different choices of words or accents. 

If you set up an easy yes or no type thing, you can learn to quickly discern. Yes, they hear your thoughts. And they can see through your eyes as well as those of animals. I find that I do both lol if I lose something in my house you will hear Ok guys I can't find it and I have to leave I usually find it and say thank you and leave lol my husband got so used to it he asks me to to ask 😂 lol but I also do have quiet time in my mind with them and as I relax and meditate or listen to music especially if I astral travel they show up where I am and we talk it took me 4 years to form such a great bond but I had to get out of my own way along the way I have taught some of my clients that have become students how to #1 stop thinking 🤔 they are crazy for hearing, seeing, and feeling things, how to talk to their guides in any situation and how to form a tighter bond but you truly have to listen to your intuition and also not be afraid to talk to them some journal, some talk aloud like me at times lol 🤣 and some talk in their minds. Once you stop caring about what the world thinks it will get easier They can read our thoughts but aren't often actively doing so. I find it's best to begin any communication by mentally addressing them to begin a conversation. By name, if you know it but in my experience, they won't tell you their name. I use all sorts of made up descriptive names which I assign to those who won't tell or confirm their names, lol 

Just say In your mind that you wish to hear your guides talking to you

The best time to hear them is when you are sleepy
That's when mine usually talk to me

Your guides have probably already been talking to you but you just don't notice them


When you are sleepy before bed just pay attention to the words you are thinking

Then eventually you will hear words and then sentences that arent your thoughts but your guides communication


I first noticed my guides talking to me in my sleep
I would wake up and realize I was talking to someone

Like I was channeling my guides in my sleep

Now they occasionally talk to me when I'm tired they are very nice and encouraging

On occasion they even talk to me in my waking life but it's rare Yes they can. Any spirit can hear what goes on in your mind. They can also see alot more than we can. Hoped this helped, blessed be❤️ Yes, as long as you’re ok with it. Mine sense my emotions too and will speak to me about my emotional state. They did that a lot after my most recent breakup and it was really healing. Thank you for your reply. Sometimes I feel super aware of "little things " that I know are signs.. like its obvious and clear. Like the ones you mentioned.  I need to keep that in mind. 
I guess another question I would have is what do you call, or explain the "deep need" I feel I have to communicate with something higher? Maybe just loneliness?  If there is anything out there that can describe why one may feel that way, I'd like to know.. I really want my intuition back. I used to have excellent intuition. So I feel a strong desire to get that back and communicate with my higher self & guides.. 
I wonder if theres a way I can understand it better.
I know I'm seeking to grow. Maybe it's just as simple as that. Yes, and memories. Dude your brain is what processes your consciousness, spirits are not living beings for Christ sake If you instinctively think that the dent represents strengthen, then that's most likely the answer. Especially if that was your first gut intuitive feeling. I started noticing something like this the more I worked on my body through meditation poses and kriya yoga. A teardrop shaped dent began to form just above and between my eyebrows. I take it as a sign of balance between body and mind. You said it yourself, you get the runs. You have a physical reaction to the energy. If it was mental or all in your mind - you wouldn’t have the physical reaction. 

Blessings to you and your mom. I know this must be a difficult time for your family. 💕 I believe that white smoke is called ectoplasm. It’s pretty rare to see. The thing is that you sorta don’t know if it’s your mind playing tricks on you or not and you kind of never will. Kinda just gotta sit with it. And really at the bottom of it all, a lot of what people experience in life is a projection. Try not to get too in your head about it all. It’s easier said than done. A friend used to always tell me that I had so much head energy and the energy needed to be dispersed and released. Sometimes I try to remember this when I’m feeling what you’re feeling. No psychic will be 100% correct, ya know? Psychics read the CURRENT energy they’re seeing, feeling, hearing, etc. We all know the infamous saying that energy can’t be created nor destroyed… but it can be changed. So, I do believe our decisions can change the trajectory of our lives. I’m in no way discrediting her abilities, but be careful with putting a lot of stock in reviews stating how accurate she is. She may be accurate for others, but may not be for you…. even if she has 5 star reviews from hundreds of people. You won’t always vibe with every reader that most people vibe with or vibe with everything they say. 

I also wouldn’t stress about it either. If all else fails, trust your gut. That’s one thing that’ll never fail you. A reading is always only ever the advice & interpretation of someone, in that moment in time, from their unique perspective, filtered through their own bias, judgements and experience. 

We can be wrong. We’re only human and even the best of the best of us can’t be 100% accurate 100% of the time. Sometimes things can be right at the time of the reading, sometimes we just interpret the stuff wrong, but future predictions are even more open to change because so are we. We have free will, and so does everyone else whose actions even slightly impact ours. Future predictions don’t come with assurances or guarantees, because the future is malleable, and therefore should always be taken with a mountain of salt. You may stay on the exact same path but the people whose future will impact yours may not do.

You can change the trajectory of your life, because it regularly changes by your actions & decisions. And as I said other peoples actions change it too. Whatever energies your reader was interpreting in your reading, have changed now. They changed the minute you left, they changed as you were writing this post, they changed as people have replied to you. It’s a butterfly effect. The energies change all the time so the probabilities of your future have changed too, and your reader was telling you about the most likely probabilities in the moment of your reading. If you want something, it’s upto you to make it happen, if you want to avoid something, work to avoid it. The future is yours to shape. 

Just as a footnote, testimonials and reviews don’t always guarantee a good reader. Besides the fact they can be faked, just because someone is a great reader for your friend won’t guarantee they’re a great reader for you either. That saying about being on someone’s wavelength? There’s a lot to that! Not everyone is on the same wavelength and it’s easier to read those who are, and not as easy to read those who aren’t. Not that there’s good & bad wavelengths, just different ones. Think of it as tuning in a radio, some stations you can tune it crystal clear, some you get a lot more static and white noise. 

Only time will tell if her predictions come to pass but if she said you’re going down a road you don’t want to go, take control of things and change your direction. We can only ever give advice, it’s up to the sitter to go and implement those insights into their lives if they want to. There are infinite universes, and infinite possibilities. Some people read the most probable future given your current state, and apparent trajectory. That does not mean you’re locked into any of it. You are the creator, and you have the power to manifest the life that you want. Trust yourself above some stranger you paid $300, no matter how accurate she was about some things. Do your best not to give your power away. Starting now, take steps toward creating the future that you desire. Little adjustments today turn into big shifts down the road. Good luck! Fate is like a code, it is pre-written, but what possibility will play out is  
based on your decision.

I will try to make a parallel between this comment and your reading:  


So mb the psychic got a glimpse that you tend to upvote comments  
and based on that gave you a projection. But you can always make different decisions.

Perhaps your desired future come up when you start downvotes or giving awards   
or replying to comments.

You see the comment will remain here, but what happens with it is your decision.  
It's the same with life. You have free will, every choice changes your future timeline I always tell my clients that I can’t predict the future with 100% accuracy. At the end of the day there is free will and we are creating our own reality. You leave my reading and last minute decide to turn left instead of right and there you have it, a change could occur just like that. 

For this reason I tend to focus my readings on what needs to be done in the now time put yourself on your true path and be sitting in your highest power. My readings tend to focus on healing to get to the place where your future self will be able to make the decisions needed to be in your highest good.

Edit to add I would never tell a client that something is 100% going to happen or not happen in their lives. I am really critical of any reader who does fertility, etc readings for this reason. But everyone is different Don't stress about it. She could be wrong. Or maybe one day you'll decide you actually don't want those things. Or your position in life will change and they won't be important to you anymore. Or maybe she was just sensing that those things would require far more work for you than a different life path. Honestly though don't even stress about it From what you stated she sounds legit. Remember the very best of psychics are usually 80- 95% correct. It's nearly impossible to be 100% correct.

A psychic is a vessel used by Spirit  to bring messages to you. Spirit communicates using symbols, pictures & words the psychic has to interpret the meanings, as they themselves understand, and pass that message onto you.

I recently used this as an example of what I mean.
Spirit used an image of a painters pallette  to relay acknowledging that their person had been remodeling & painting a house.
The psychics interpretation of Spirits message was that this person was an artist, but they were not.

My point is we get bits & pieces, symbols, images or a word and we try to interpret what Spirit is showing us. 
White roses/flowers to Me represents a birth, adoption or new beginings. My psychic friend interprets white roses to mean innocence, pure heart or a passing.

There's not a guide book like a dictionary for psychic interpretation. Spirit speaks to each of us differently using what we will best understand.

I hope that makes sense and is helpful in understanding a bit about working with a psychic. I'm not familiar with most psychics, so I don't know. I used to get annoyed by tarot readings because I didn't like the outcome, but it turned out it was actually for the best and something better would come along. That could be the same for you. Also, don't put too much faith in psychics so they could be wrong and are not always accurate all of the time No one can tell your future with 100% accuracy. You have free will and can make new decisions at any time. I basically just went and did the same thing but it was a bit more costly and she started out strong actually right away talking about what I came to ask her about without having been able to ask it yet. A lot of it was interesting and accurate. 

But a good portion of it, she misunderstood my question and went off on a tangent about the wrong thing so I was discouraged. 

It made me wonder if it’s sorta like the average success of highly trained remote viewers, where they’re getting 60% or more accurate hits but there’s still 40% or less where they miss the target. 

So it makes me wonder a lot about what she said. There was a lot of ego involved on her part, she talked about herself a lot and also charged hourly. So I felt like that added $100 could have been avoided I guess. Left me wondering who tf I had just been speaking to, she left me with the weirdest vibe. I feel we define our future based on the paths that we are shown.  You are free to go on any path so, in my opinion, no one can predict your future with 100% certainty.

Good luck to you and I honestly feel no one knows your future for sure. You shouldn't let anybody tell you what you can and can't do. Do it anyway and prove them wrong. There is no linear set in stone path, there are infinite futures and possibilities, and these potential futures coalesce as probabilities, probable futures based on what you are doing now, but you can change that at anytime, by changing yourself. >How accurate is this?

Were you given a cold-reading? If so that would explain some of it. (Cold reading is a trick that charlatans use to convince you they're psychic. If you're being cold-read, chances are the person is just another charlatan.)

>Can we change the trajectory of our lives based on our decisions and our efforts

One thing I believe is that the future is often not written in stone. There are some events that are bound to happen (which are often just the continued ripples of previous choices/decisions affecting us today) but most of it is in flux.

As in, you can predict futures all you want but there's no guarantee that they'll even come to fruition. The vision being had could be a legitimate vision, but for a different universe (multiverse theory comes into play here.)

It's one of the reasons why I'm cautious about fortelling the future in my practice. Ok so... Think of it this way: you're on a path. There are some forks here and there, and you have to choose one. Your psychic looked at where the forks led, and didn't see the things you want being along any of the paths. 

In this case, to get what you'd desire, you'd have to get a machete and carve your own path to what you want. Basically your psychic is looking at what is available to you, on the paths. What you want is off the path entirely. It's not in your realm. It isn't impossible, it would just be a very difficult journey for you, perhaps even more difficult than it would be for another person. 

Let's say for example, two people want to sing. One is a nobody from a small town who just sings okay.  The other is the child of a famous singer, who also sings okay. The singer's kid has access to things that will help them become a better singer and a parent who can get them some exposure. The nobody has no tools, no way of getting exposure easily, no connections. In this case, the singer path would be easily accessed by the singer's kid, while the nobody would have to force their way there, they'd have to work ten times harder to get the same career, despite having the same amount of singing talent as the singer's kid. A psychic, at the beginning of their journey, would easily see the singer's kid in a future where they're singing for large crowds, and then they'd see the nobody working a 9-5 and maybe singing in a church choir on Sundays. Can it be changed? Probably. Future's malleable. But it would require a massive amount of hard work and sacrifice and goal oriented planning on the part of the nobody, who is disadvantaged compared to the singer's kid. I mean, it sounds like she knew a lot, based on what you’re describing. 😂 No psychic is gonna be 100% accurate, and you should always take what they tell you with a grain of salt. Don’t let a reading dictate how you approach your life. You’re in charge. Maybe this is the exact advice you needed right now to help your fulfil your destiny? If you catch my drift. I am late to this conversation but really wanted to encourage you that the future is fluid.  Anything is possible at any time, and ultimately you are in charge of the trajectory of your life.  I understand it can be disappointing to get a reading like this because we see people - like famous or well known psychics - as authorities on the future.  The truth is, you are the authority, and you mustn't give your power away to someone in the hopes of finding comfort in what they tell you.  

So many really good answers in the thread already, just wanted to give you mine. No one can predict with certainty your future as it's fluid. You have control over it.
I have changed my own. Time is always changing and so is life. I wouldn’t out much thought into it. Something that could have happened two seconds ago could be null within another second Whatever you believe is true. Believe you can create your own destiny and follow through. I used to believe in tarot. All of it was BS, honestly. And I speak from experience and that was the last straw. Today, if I come across tarot I just politely decline. Serves me right for wanting to know what’s going to happen. As humans, we just need to take a frickin step back and walk through our lives the way it was meant to be. I dont want to be looking over my shoulder every 5 mins or expecting some miracle just bec a psychic or tarot reader said so. Theres a lot of disappointment if it doesnt come true. And a lot of heartbreak and stress too. Free yourself from this. Live life as it happens. And lower your expectations. I wouldn't listen to anyone who tells me something will not happen with confidence. If anything, I will live to prove them wrong. Why someone like her is famous is beyond me. Maybe she sensed you needed a push and used reverse psychology on you?

*What's Really Going To Bake Your Noodle Later On Is, Would You Still Have Broken It If I Hadn't Said Anything?* Who is this psychic. Are you allowed to name names? Not sure what the rules are on this sub. Yes you can absolutely change the trajectory of your life. Especially when you know what’s coming. [removed] By what you described, famous psychic with heavy accent - i'm wondering if you saw the long island medium? that's why imo paying fortune tellers money is waste of money Letting a psychic tell you what you can and can't do dumb  anyway it a matter of if you do it not so much anything else Hopefully that guy who copy pastes their method will show up, I should really save that comment myself lol. 

Essentially you wanna learn how to meditate, then once you're able to clear your mind of wandering thoughts and emotions, you can begin to set a space for your guides to come through. A popular method is to envision an open, peaceful place where they can show up, and where you can always go back when you want to meet up with them. Other things go into it such as grounding and shielding to ensure that you're able to connect with the right energies. But being able to meditate and push any personal crap out of the way is key to having a strong connection. Automatic writing is a great technique, Gabby Bernstein has a good video on YouTube. We have a couple of guides in the sub wiki that might help you! 
The first is an art ticket about meditation that then goes on to discuss how to meet your spirit guides so scroll past the first bit if you aren’t interested although a good meditation practise would definitely help

https://www.reddit.com/r/Psychic/wiki/index/faq?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf

The other is a ‘how to connect to your spirit guides’ from the best of section of the sub. Hope these help some? 

https://www.reddit.com/r/Psychic/comments/76lobf/how_to_contact_your_spirit_guide/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf Do it in a lucid dream Look on YouTube for Guided Meditation to meet your Guides.  There are tons there. 💜 > Then she ended with someone cursing my mom when she was pregnant, but I ended up absorbing it. Claimed that all the positive things she said about my future can come true if I go through a ($300) cleanse. That’s when I called bullshit and felt so hurt because I was genuinely getting emotional in the beginning. I kindly declined and left.

You did the right thing for sure. This is a common manipulation tactic to extract as much money as possible from vulnerable clients. Those neon signs combined with "open 24 hours" are two red flags on their own, so it's no surprise that it escalated to the "pay me more to lift your curse!" bit lol. *No one* who uses those neon signs is legit from what I've seen, it's just an easy way to grab people's attention who are bored, lonely, or desperate, not unlike a flashy strip club sign tbh.

In order to find someone who has a serious practice, it's best to become familiar with your local spiritual community and use word of mouth recommendations. If there is a magick store nearby that has a good reputation, that can be a good place to start since they tend to hold community events or be attached to other people or things in the area. Reddit seems to have some helpful folks too - there's a subreddit that actually verifies people's abilities before they're allowed to advertise services but I forget what it's called [removed] Stay the hell away from anyone that says "future can come true if I go through a ($300) cleanse". This is why I don't put too much stock in the visions of fortune tellers and other professional "psychics."

Too many charlatans out there. So many that it's damn near impossible to get a decent reading (the genuine psychics out there aren't usually plying their services.)

EDIT: That last bit, about the curse, that's one of the oldest scam openers ever. As you noticed, they end up trying to dazzle you into thinking you have a curse and they (fascinatingly enough) have the solution and that's where they get you. The readings they offer are more like "how to detect a rube gullible enough to fall for my scam." I am not psychic, only answering from my experiences, the others are right, it is a scam! And it’s very wise of you to ask here. This is where I’ve learned so much about what to expect and how not to get scammed. I unfortunately before finding this page, fell for the scam… and lost alot of money just hoping it would help me out of the lonely place I was in. It didn’t… the person took my money and ghosted me soon afterwards. There are real healers. I personally like to see what people write on these threads, get a sense for how they are and what they do. And sometimes I will reach out to someone because I feel drawn to them for some reason, and if they are accepting or willing I will pay them for a reading. Also, the free readings they offer here are great!!!!! So many gifted people willing to help! It’s really nice that they do this ❤️❤️ I don't understand the sexual assault connect entirely, nor did I see the post,  but it makes me feel sad with what I think it might mean. So big hugs friend. I have no insight into how to become one and i cant explain my universe connect well to others. But you've put your intentions out to the universe and my heart caught your post, so be kind to yourself. Take deep breaths. Never blame yourself. And ask for the universe to guide you. And know someone out there knows you're asking for guidance, so i am thinking of you.  

But also know, no amount of telepathy can prevent sexual assault. No matter the strength,  no one can fully predict the actions of others. It was not a lack of sense on your part, it was the unpredictableness of someone entirely out of tune with the universe and who chose to engage in actions to harm someone else, i think of it as an intentional harm to self, a person like that. How sad one must be.... That is the imbalance in our world, others harming others intentionally.  But I do feel your soul seeking answers and understanding.  I have been there maybe in similar ways, or maybe not. Just know, know, know, it wasn't your fault. Why is sexual assault “lol” to you…? Magic mushroomed will insight telepathy but you have to be outstandingly careful. Telepathy is like a mist and even the softest gentlest breeze will wash it away. It’s almost better to just not even think about it or try to get to it. I’ve experienced telepathy a few times and it’s not all that it’s cracked up to be. It’s fascinating for sure, but I really urge caution when seeking telepathy. Result of too much propaganda in this world. It can be done. I don't wish to reveal the secret here.

Trataka meditation with a specific object will work. You can figure it out if you work on it >telepathic "sexual assault"

What sad, insecure, oversensitive and paranoid excuse of a person would accuse someone else of something that happens only in his/her own mind and ruin their lives? Or maybe is looking for attention, like most teenagers. You have to be very aware of what are your own thoughts and own energy versus something that comes from the external world. It's very easy to develop if you have close family members or friends to experiment with. Next time you're alone with someone try to quiet your mind completely. You need to be in that quiet daydreaming state aka "Alpha brain state" without having the normal daydream or self-thoughts. It's not that hard especially if  you have experience meditating. It's a quiet yet alert state. Easy to pick up on things around especially small sounds. Then you might pick up on the thoughts and energies of others.

Eventually you'll start hearing small things like. "Hmm this food is delicious" or "OP looks very sleepy tired or something" Those small benign thoughts that humans have every now and then. That's their inner voice you're picking up on. You need to be able to focus on something without even looking at it if that makes sense. As another poster said Trataka meditation will help. Developing focus on an object and becoming one with it starts to engage that psychic muscle that you use to pick up on energy. Once you have a lock on their "vibe" you'll be able to tap in. Then once you develop that connection with humans you can start sending them your own thoughts thus "telepathy". You'll start realizing that some people around you will be more open psychically open. Even animals have their own simple thoughts too. Dogs and cats especially since they're around us often.

Take care in this journey though, because opening up those secret faculties can change your whole life up. Maybe you'll pick up on the thoughts of your significant other and youll find out they dont really love you or maybe you'll pick up on the thoughts of those people you thought were your friends at work but actually are being super fake behind your back. You start becoming a "human lie detector". And a lot of people do not have pretty internal worlds. Opening a psychic connection with toxic individuals is super draining.

Hope that helps. Limiting sugar and not using flouride toothpaste seems to help too. There are certain illicit substances that you smoke or pick off the poo of cows that help open you up too, but I do not condone any illegal activities. Living in nature helps as well. Anything that helps you understand silence and the absence and presence of energy is good.

&#x200B;

Ask and ye shall receive 🙏 Pondering the orb 🔮

Crystal balls aren’t the easiest thing for scrying. You have to get the set up just right and have a good quality ball. Nothing wrong with using them. I’m glad yours is working for you. 

Black mirrors and other reflective surfaces work just as well but are more user friendly. A clean tablet screen (tablet off) or the like work. 

My favorite thing to scry in is a bowl (or small black cauldron) with Earl Grey tea in it. I bought an obsidian scrying disk I haven't used it yet but would love to learn how I love my crystal ball. I think it makes people think I’m a freak but whatever. It has opened up my third eye lots of times and it is great for visualizing. Really anything can open up the third eye though, I could meditate my focus on a chair or something and could get the thing open, but something about crystal balls I love. I have a clear quartz crystal ball and a lot of times I visualize it as my perfectly clear mind, and then work with it whenever something pops into it. I’ve thought about getting another but it’s not like I shit money and I don’t need to get addicted to buying crystal balls and stones. Not sure if I can be of any help, but I am a psych major and I can try to explain this phenomenon. I also deal with sleep paralysis as a child and even now as an adult. I thought that it was due to spirits, but I learned that it’s simply a nightmare. You scare yourself so bad in your sleep that you wake yourself up while you’re still dreaming. Hence why you can’t move or speak. You are viewing your dream in “real life”. I believe it 100%, but I’m sure you can have other opinions. Hope this helps you out even a little! Also keep in mind the time zone you were born in How different is the time? No. They can't but you might can through regressive hypnosis. It's best to o trust hospital records and your birth certificate. I've heard they can for a fee, but I don't really trust it. What I did was compare where my rising sign was placed at certain times on the day I was born which I think narrowed it down to a 2 hour window. See which rising sign fits the best, and then compare it to those times you have on your birth certificate, etc This damn word is thrown around way too fucking much. People will believe anything to escape the boring reality She thought of your first,manifestxher :)) By continuing your research & studying in occult sciences and the field you are attune into gradually as you progress these abilities will unfold to you & you will find your way 👍 https://discord.gg/Dt4aF7ua I think you have your answer. You felt it that strongly.  

Making a mala is meditative in itself. Beadwork is spiritual.  Make one and see how it goes. I would definitely want to know my choices...like what type of shittier choices did i reject to get the shitty life i have now.... I don’t remember before birth, but the memories I have of the day I was born are very vivid. Not all the memories are mine, I remember being bathed for the first time but it’s like I was watching the whole thing, I can remember where everything was in the room and have spoken with my mother about it and confirmed it all, I remember being held by my one of my grandmother’s, and I remember the feeling of that day. It’s weird and I know it’s pretty much impossible to remember being born but I do. Yeah I'm sure many of us get different options for more than one life for different reasons I have a strange vivid memory of such a thing since I was a young child. Growing up I always thought it may have been a dream but I had no idea when it may have happened. When I was very very little I used to tell my mom that I chose her and this life. I said I had a choice between two mommies and that she would make me a better mommy when I had kids. 

I definitely feel like I had. some kind of conscious choice about my life from before I was here. https://discord.gg/Dt4aF7ua https://discord.gg/Dt4aF7ua I don’t have the memory of choice, but I do have a memory of a strange knowing that I was about to be born. I can best describe it as a comfortable contentedness. I remember being told my ‘mission’ in this life was to experience A LOT of pain and suffering. So much so I was kinda shocked enough to remember when I shouldn’t have. And I remember very much being disembodied yet a conscious entity. It’s a very comforting memory, can’t wait to go back but I also remember the sense of if I checked out early cos of the pain and suffering then I’ve failed the mission. Submission Statement: MK ULTRA is a plot point in Stranger Things. In real life, MKULTRA was a secret mind control program in which thousands of people were drugged and experimented on against their will.  
  
The show also features further secret programs that seek to weaponize psychic powers just like Project Stargate. The CIA even clarified their stance on remote viewing in 2021, stating that enough accurate statistical remote viewing results exist to "defy randomness". Ugh, they are all full of crap, go to a professional hypnotherapist for a real past life regression. Also, pay attention to your dreams, a past life might come through that way too, but you have to be open to it. You can ask your guides for this information as well When my new mood doesn't make sense. 😏 

I still suck at this and fight the term "empath" half the time. I may not be the best source of info but my response above is the obvious hint for me. There are times when I just don't feel like myself, and then I realize it's likely someone in close proximity to me. I worked with a decent amount of people when I was waiting tables and there was plenty of conjoined energetic forces going on. It was draining! When your old friend start telling you have 'changed'
And not the person whom they used to know.. When I feel emotionally drained.  And it is for no specific reason, and I find it concerning. I'm pretty sure they were just messing with you, and they don't have a demon inside of them. No need to worry imo. I got a bad feeling from this. I would stay away from them. If you feel uncomfortable and uneasy around them, then that’s how you feel. No need to second guess it. I’ve been around manipulative people like that before where I denied my instincts. Never turned out well. Punch that person lol Follow that intuition of yours, pepper through everything you say.  I do feel intuition is so underrated, under used, but one of the most powerful protections we have.  Heed it my friend.  Demon?  Pppfft.  No. A hole?  Yes. I've not studied demons in depth, but my opinion? 

I've don't think  nor have I ever heard of a person being overtaken by a demon then eagerly spreading the word; " I've got a demon inside me!"

Sounds like a cheezy B movie. Stay clear. 🤍🙏 Just set up protections for yourself and if you can avoid them, do so. I find people that do that sort of thing get big power trips and by saying what they do, they are afraid of you or your power and you are indeed stronger. Relax but stay protected. And cut the cords to them. I’m feeling strongly that you need to cut ties entirely but that you need not worry about this person or their “abilities”. Let them go. Always trust your gut. Always. 

Now, stay away from this person. Lol, well whoever this is, they are stupid for inviting a demon inside of them for power, that always backfires 🤣 it's also easy to pick up on someone's confidence and maybe he does have some psychic abilities, but he's going about it in a toxic way. My ex was the same, pretty psychic but also a narcissist 

The tower card is a sign of endings or shocking revelation, I think it's both of these things for you and this person. I would avoid him. Thanks for all the responses! Forget to mention this person asked for my birth day and I stupidly gave it to them I once commented on this post asking for some similar advice, here’s what I got: get out there and explore. Read books, practice, meditate. Every journey is so unique, no one can possibly tell you exactly what to do. Do what feels right & natural for you and your own gifts. Lean into it, but also, be cautious. Don’t accept everything at face value. Challenge yourself.

When I was new to “this”, I came into it thinking I was crazy or something. Why do I hear random things in my head. Or how can I possibly just “know” something is in the room that no one else can see. But the randomness of the events is what really drove my confidence. I’m busy doing something and I suddenly receive a message about something else so completely random. For instance, the other night I was falling asleep and I heard this in my head “she’s not like us.” This was not my own thoughts. This unique impression was something else speaking to me, or for that matter, about me to others (I have a separate thing I’m dealing with). But yes, know you’re capable and born with the skills, just hone them through learning & exploration.

Something I learned along the way I wish I knew earlier, make sure before you engage in any spiritual work that you take a moment to ground, center & protect yourself. Otherwise you’ll open yourself up to a ton of stuff you don’t want. Once some pesky stuff is in it can be hard to get rid of (trust me on this).

Good luck to you! I hope someone else more seasoned than I responds here to your post. But so you know, you’ll probably have more luck asking something specific rather than something so general. I.e. “I was working on my clairaudience and had a question about x.” The veterans in this sub like to see that people are taking the initiative to learn for themselves, rather than give them all of the answers. Bottom line: Do you want your family tree to look like [this](https://www.google.com/search?q=dark+family+tree&client=ms-android-americamovil-us-revc&prmd=ivnsbm&sxsrf=ALiCzsbq_5Ntt3S4T9te4RWy14_64euIVw:1656812881875&source=lnms&tbm=isch&sa=X&ved=2ahUKEwi40qH6zNv4AhUYC0QIHTJ7C9EQ_AUoAXoECAIQAQ&biw=412&bih=695&dpr=1.75#imgrc=iX97INJbvIadgM)? Because that's how you make a family tree shaped like a mobius loop. Do you need someone to explain to you all the ways that this is a terrible idea and will never work for *you*?

Here are some options you could try:

On August 26, 2054 use the energy from a nuclear reactor meltdown to send a piece of paper back in time 33 years.

Trigger a supernova and use the energy from that to power a black hole/white hole generator capable of sending digital information back in time by approximately 22 minutes.

Bring a microwave emitter within the safe zone of a supernova blast then put an aluminum object in front of the microwave emitter and turn it on while the super heated plasma is expanding away from the supernova. Check out revision by Neville Lol wat? That's not possible Influence Do you know if it is usual to be an influencer if you also are an empath or has it no correlation? I am an empath and I have noticed that when I have showed up to work and I have been extraordinarily happy the entire place is bursting with positive energy and joking around more than usual, even though I have only walked inside and not even talked to anybody. Or maybe I just look more at ease and content and it spreads haha. it has made me question if I also affect others a lot and not only that I just sense others a lot. We are always broadcasting energy... what matters is the intent or lack thereof behind it. Sometimes it can be referred to as projective empathy. I had a cat who would send me his hunger pains when he wanted to wake me up for his breakfast. I could eat and eat and still feel hungry until I fed him. Or if I fed him first, I would be satisfied with a piece of toast.

He also sent us important messages via dreams, woke my honey up from low glucose incidents, and made him wear his c-pap mask. qi emission could be a phrase for it

everyone has both abilities, it's only a matter of how open they are to feeling it and how much junk is in the way of feeling it Charisma, and maybe the giving of ideas, a unique idea of your own can be spread like a virus Aura. The stronger your aura is, it radiates and amplifies your ‘vibe’ that you send to people. 

Aura is just a signal of your essence- and it may send positive or negative vibes, depending on who you are as a person. It's called a Projective Empath, the term has been around since the 1980's. I call it a "Dynamo" based on the fact that a dynamo was the first electrical generator and that the word dynamic ( the root word of dynamo) is used to describe a person that is full of energy.

So for me, an 'empathic dynamo' is a person who creates and broadcasts energy into the world around them. You can't rule out the possibility of this being a scam. Our personal information is available wherever on the internet we give it out. This person could have stalked your friend's social media accounts in order to gather enough information to sound either convincing or like a lunatic. Be very cautious any time a stranger says something to the effect of, "Something bad will happen to you unless you give me money," Most of the time this is just someone trying to scare someone else into giving them money. A truly altruistic person would use their gifts to help people without expecting some form of compensation. Helping people should be its own reward. Probably a scam, wait it out and see if something bad does indeed happen. Both. Time is a funny thing. For sure you can have a desire, see it manifest (intuition), then experience it manifest (manifestation). Enjoy! Lovely story, thanks for sharing it 🤗🤗 Wow. I had something similar happen, but not with the drama part <3 It’s the universe speaking to you! This is lovely. How affirming for you. Thank you everybody!! It feels really good to share the story and feel heard and not judged or met with skepticism. 

I actually can prove this one, also, because I use a journal app on my phone to record them so the metadata shows it written 2.5 hours before the text thread begins. Not that anyone here is asking I just feel like I need to shout it to the world cause holy shit this is real..! While many psychics do read for themselves, it's usually in the sense that they do their own tarot readings.  Tarot , runes, astrology, or other divination tools help because it's a card/symbol outside of yourself directing the information.  

IME some people may have better luck with it that others.  Usually depending how much they are able to get out of the way regarding outcomes.  Generally speaking though, psychics are not immune from being attached to outcomes, so their readings tend to be less accurate when performed on themselves.    


It's better (IMO) for psychics to see other psychics when they're emotionally attached to the outcome (which is normal for all people to be attached).  However, some people get hung up on seeking external help, they think needing to see someone else makes them "weak" which is nonsense in my opinion, but it is what it is. I don’t exactly sit down and do a reading for myself. Things just come to me. Warnings, messages things like that. One morning as I was getting ready for work I heard “watch out for the deer“. There was indeed a deer standing in the middle of the highway on my way to work.

I do read tarot for myself. Every morning I do prayer and a ritual for self protection and then I pull cards. It’s a common thing to do. My clairvoyant & clairaudient abilities are strongest, but I also speak with Spirit/MY Team.
 I ask my Team questions, often receiving one or two word answers. I've found using tarot & oracle cards I receive more detailed answers and clarity.

BTW everyone is born with " psychic" abilities it's not just a select few.

If you are open to receiving and learn to quiet your mind you'll be surprised at the abilities you do have. Good question! It's easier to read others because you have some distance from the emotions that may come up in the reading.

But you can, with practice, learn to read your own energy. The useful thing that makes it possible is finding a way to be neutral to what you see in your own space. The technique I use the most is blowing pictures. This takes some of the energy off of the pictures I'm reading so that I can see them more clearly and not match them; i.e. keep my perspective neutral.

I use the same technique when I read other people. When I use it on myself, I may need to repeat the process because what I want to read may be living under layers of pictures and energy, but that's about it at this point. It just takes longer.

If I'm in a hurry or I'm really stuck, I'll ask my wife to take a look. I don’t read myself, nor am I psychic in the sense of seeing the future.. I have other apparent ‘gifts’, as I’ve been told before…? My psychic told me 2 things about rhe future in March and said they would happen soon...im glad I'm not holding my breath By continuing your research & studying in occult sciences and the field you are attune into gradually as you progress these abilities will unfold to you & you will find your way 👍 https://discord.gg/Dt4aF7ua I think you have your answer. You felt it that strongly.  

Making a mala is meditative in itself. Beadwork is spiritual.  Make one and see how it goes. I would definitely want to know my choices...like what type of shittier choices did i reject to get the shitty life i have now.... I don’t remember before birth, but the memories I have of the day I was born are very vivid. Not all the memories are mine, I remember being bathed for the first time but it’s like I was watching the whole thing, I can remember where everything was in the room and have spoken with my mother about it and confirmed it all, I remember being held by my one of my grandmother’s, and I remember the feeling of that day. It’s weird and I know it’s pretty much impossible to remember being born but I do. Yeah I'm sure many of us get different options for more than one life for different reasons I have a strange vivid memory of such a thing since I was a young child. Growing up I always thought it may have been a dream but I had no idea when it may have happened. When I was very very little I used to tell my mom that I chose her and this life. I said I had a choice between two mommies and that she would make me a better mommy when I had kids. 

I definitely feel like I had. some kind of conscious choice about my life from before I was here. https://discord.gg/Dt4aF7ua https://discord.gg/Dt4aF7ua I don’t have the memory of choice, but I do have a memory of a strange knowing that I was about to be born. I can best describe it as a comfortable contentedness. I remember being told my ‘mission’ in this life was to experience A LOT of pain and suffering. So much so I was kinda shocked enough to remember when I shouldn’t have. And I remember very much being disembodied yet a conscious entity. It’s a very comforting memory, can’t wait to go back but I also remember the sense of if I checked out early cos of the pain and suffering then I’ve failed the mission. Submission Statement: MK ULTRA is a plot point in Stranger Things. In real life, MKULTRA was a secret mind control program in which thousands of people were drugged and experimented on against their will.  
  
The show also features further secret programs that seek to weaponize psychic powers just like Project Stargate. The CIA even clarified their stance on remote viewing in 2021, stating that enough accurate statistical remote viewing results exist to "defy randomness". Ugh, they are all full of crap, go to a professional hypnotherapist for a real past life regression. Also, pay attention to your dreams, a past life might come through that way too, but you have to be open to it. You can ask your guides for this information as well When my new mood doesn't make sense. 😏 

I still suck at this and fight the term "empath" half the time. I may not be the best source of info but my response above is the obvious hint for me. There are times when I just don't feel like myself, and then I realize it's likely someone in close proximity to me. I worked with a decent amount of people when I was waiting tables and there was plenty of conjoined energetic forces going on. It was draining! When your old friend start telling you have 'changed'
And not the person whom they used to know.. When I feel emotionally drained.  And it is for no specific reason, and I find it concerning. I'm pretty sure they were just messing with you, and they don't have a demon inside of them. No need to worry imo. I got a bad feeling from this. I would stay away from them. If you feel uncomfortable and uneasy around them, then that’s how you feel. No need to second guess it. I’ve been around manipulative people like that before where I denied my instincts. Never turned out well. Punch that person lol Follow that intuition of yours, pepper through everything you say.  I do feel intuition is so underrated, under used, but one of the most powerful protections we have.  Heed it my friend.  Demon?  Pppfft.  No. A hole?  Yes. I've not studied demons in depth, but my opinion? 

I've don't think  nor have I ever heard of a person being overtaken by a demon then eagerly spreading the word; " I've got a demon inside me!"

Sounds like a cheezy B movie. Stay clear. 🤍🙏 Just set up protections for yourself and if you can avoid them, do so. I find people that do that sort of thing get big power trips and by saying what they do, they are afraid of you or your power and you are indeed stronger. Relax but stay protected. And cut the cords to them. I’m feeling strongly that you need to cut ties entirely but that you need not worry about this person or their “abilities”. Let them go. Always trust your gut. Always. 

Now, stay away from this person. Lol, well whoever this is, they are stupid for inviting a demon inside of them for power, that always backfires 🤣 it's also easy to pick up on someone's confidence and maybe he does have some psychic abilities, but he's going about it in a toxic way. My ex was the same, pretty psychic but also a narcissist 

The tower card is a sign of endings or shocking revelation, I think it's both of these things for you and this person. I would avoid him. Thanks for all the responses! Forget to mention this person asked for my birth day and I stupidly gave it to them I once commented on this post asking for some similar advice, here’s what I got: get out there and explore. Read books, practice, meditate. Every journey is so unique, no one can possibly tell you exactly what to do. Do what feels right & natural for you and your own gifts. Lean into it, but also, be cautious. Don’t accept everything at face value. Challenge yourself.

When I was new to “this”, I came into it thinking I was crazy or something. Why do I hear random things in my head. Or how can I possibly just “know” something is in the room that no one else can see. But the randomness of the events is what really drove my confidence. I’m busy doing something and I suddenly receive a message about something else so completely random. For instance, the other night I was falling asleep and I heard this in my head “she’s not like us.” This was not my own thoughts. This unique impression was something else speaking to me, or for that matter, about me to others (I have a separate thing I’m dealing with). But yes, know you’re capable and born with the skills, just hone them through learning & exploration.

Something I learned along the way I wish I knew earlier, make sure before you engage in any spiritual work that you take a moment to ground, center & protect yourself. Otherwise you’ll open yourself up to a ton of stuff you don’t want. Once some pesky stuff is in it can be hard to get rid of (trust me on this).

Good luck to you! I hope someone else more seasoned than I responds here to your post. But so you know, you’ll probably have more luck asking something specific rather than something so general. I.e. “I was working on my clairaudience and had a question about x.” The veterans in this sub like to see that people are taking the initiative to learn for themselves, rather than give them all of the answers. Bottom line: Do you want your family tree to look like [this](https://www.google.com/search?q=dark+family+tree&client=ms-android-americamovil-us-revc&prmd=ivnsbm&sxsrf=ALiCzsbq_5Ntt3S4T9te4RWy14_64euIVw:1656812881875&source=lnms&tbm=isch&sa=X&ved=2ahUKEwi40qH6zNv4AhUYC0QIHTJ7C9EQ_AUoAXoECAIQAQ&biw=412&bih=695&dpr=1.75#imgrc=iX97INJbvIadgM)? Because that's how you make a family tree shaped like a mobius loop. Do you need someone to explain to you all the ways that this is a terrible idea and will never work for *you*?

Here are some options you could try:

On August 26, 2054 use the energy from a nuclear reactor meltdown to send a piece of paper back in time 33 years.

Trigger a supernova and use the energy from that to power a black hole/white hole generator capable of sending digital information back in time by approximately 22 minutes.

Bring a microwave emitter within the safe zone of a supernova blast then put an aluminum object in front of the microwave emitter and turn it on while the super heated plasma is expanding away from the supernova. Check out revision by Neville Lol wat? That's not possible Influence Do you know if it is usual to be an influencer if you also are an empath or has it no correlation? I am an empath and I have noticed that when I have showed up to work and I have been extraordinarily happy the entire place is bursting with positive energy and joking around more than usual, even though I have only walked inside and not even talked to anybody. Or maybe I just look more at ease and content and it spreads haha. it has made me question if I also affect others a lot and not only that I just sense others a lot. We are always broadcasting energy... what matters is the intent or lack thereof behind it. Sometimes it can be referred to as projective empathy. I had a cat who would send me his hunger pains when he wanted to wake me up for his breakfast. I could eat and eat and still feel hungry until I fed him. Or if I fed him first, I would be satisfied with a piece of toast.

He also sent us important messages via dreams, woke my honey up from low glucose incidents, and made him wear his c-pap mask. qi emission could be a phrase for it

everyone has both abilities, it's only a matter of how open they are to feeling it and how much junk is in the way of feeling it Charisma, and maybe the giving of ideas, a unique idea of your own can be spread like a virus Aura. The stronger your aura is, it radiates and amplifies your ‘vibe’ that you send to people. 

Aura is just a signal of your essence- and it may send positive or negative vibes, depending on who you are as a person. It's called a Projective Empath, the term has been around since the 1980's. I call it a "Dynamo" based on the fact that a dynamo was the first electrical generator and that the word dynamic ( the root word of dynamo) is used to describe a person that is full of energy.

So for me, an 'empathic dynamo' is a person who creates and broadcasts energy into the world around them. You can't rule out the possibility of this being a scam. Our personal information is available wherever on the internet we give it out. This person could have stalked your friend's social media accounts in order to gather enough information to sound either convincing or like a lunatic. Be very cautious any time a stranger says something to the effect of, "Something bad will happen to you unless you give me money," Most of the time this is just someone trying to scare someone else into giving them money. A truly altruistic person would use their gifts to help people without expecting some form of compensation. Helping people should be its own reward. Probably a scam, wait it out and see if something bad does indeed happen. Both. Time is a funny thing. For sure you can have a desire, see it manifest (intuition), then experience it manifest (manifestation). Enjoy! Lovely story, thanks for sharing it 🤗🤗 Wow. I had something similar happen, but not with the drama part <3 It’s the universe speaking to you! This is lovely. How affirming for you. Thank you everybody!! It feels really good to share the story and feel heard and not judged or met with skepticism. 

I actually can prove this one, also, because I use a journal app on my phone to record them so the metadata shows it written 2.5 hours before the text thread begins. Not that anyone here is asking I just feel like I need to shout it to the world cause holy shit this is real..! While many psychics do read for themselves, it's usually in the sense that they do their own tarot readings.  Tarot , runes, astrology, or other divination tools help because it's a card/symbol outside of yourself directing the information.  

IME some people may have better luck with it that others.  Usually depending how much they are able to get out of the way regarding outcomes.  Generally speaking though, psychics are not immune from being attached to outcomes, so their readings tend to be less accurate when performed on themselves.    


It's better (IMO) for psychics to see other psychics when they're emotionally attached to the outcome (which is normal for all people to be attached).  However, some people get hung up on seeking external help, they think needing to see someone else makes them "weak" which is nonsense in my opinion, but it is what it is. I don’t exactly sit down and do a reading for myself. Things just come to me. Warnings, messages things like that. One morning as I was getting ready for work I heard “watch out for the deer“. There was indeed a deer standing in the middle of the highway on my way to work.

I do read tarot for myself. Every morning I do prayer and a ritual for self protection and then I pull cards. It’s a common thing to do. My clairvoyant & clairaudient abilities are strongest, but I also speak with Spirit/MY Team.
 I ask my Team questions, often receiving one or two word answers. I've found using tarot & oracle cards I receive more detailed answers and clarity.

BTW everyone is born with " psychic" abilities it's not just a select few.

If you are open to receiving and learn to quiet your mind you'll be surprised at the abilities you do have. Good question! It's easier to read others because you have some distance from the emotions that may come up in the reading.

But you can, with practice, learn to read your own energy. The useful thing that makes it possible is finding a way to be neutral to what you see in your own space. The technique I use the most is blowing pictures. This takes some of the energy off of the pictures I'm reading so that I can see them more clearly and not match them; i.e. keep my perspective neutral.

I use the same technique when I read other people. When I use it on myself, I may need to repeat the process because what I want to read may be living under layers of pictures and energy, but that's about it at this point. It just takes longer.

If I'm in a hurry or I'm really stuck, I'll ask my wife to take a look. I don’t read myself, nor am I psychic in the sense of seeing the future.. I have other apparent ‘gifts’, as I’ve been told before…? My psychic told me 2 things about rhe future in March and said they would happen soon...im glad I'm not holding my breath By continuing your research & studying in occult sciences and the field you are attune into gradually as you progress these abilities will unfold to you & you will find your way 👍 https://discord.gg/Dt4aF7ua I think you have your answer. You felt it that strongly.  

Making a mala is meditative in itself. Beadwork is spiritual.  Make one and see how it goes. I would definitely want to know my choices...like what type of shittier choices did i reject to get the shitty life i have now.... I don’t remember before birth, but the memories I have of the day I was born are very vivid. Not all the memories are mine, I remember being bathed for the first time but it’s like I was watching the whole thing, I can remember where everything was in the room and have spoken with my mother about it and confirmed it all, I remember being held by my one of my grandmother’s, and I remember the feeling of that day. It’s weird and I know it’s pretty much impossible to remember being born but I do. I have a strange vivid memory of such a thing since I was a young child. Growing up I always thought it may have been a dream but I had no idea when it may have happened. When I was very very little I used to tell my mom that I chose her and this life. I said I had a choice between two mommies and that she would make me a better mommy when I had kids. 

I definitely feel like I had. some kind of conscious choice about my life from before I was here. Yeah I'm sure many of us get different options for more than one life for different reasons I don’t have the memory of choice, but I do have a memory of a strange knowing that I was about to be born. I can best describe it as a comfortable contentedness. I remember being told my ‘mission’ in this life was to experience A LOT of pain and suffering. So much so I was kinda shocked enough to remember when I shouldn’t have. And I remember very much being disembodied yet a conscious entity. It’s a very comforting memory, can’t wait to go back but I also remember the sense of if I checked out early cos of the pain and suffering then I’ve failed the mission. https://discord.gg/Dt4aF7ua https://discord.gg/Dt4aF7ua It's actually my oldest and first memory.

The feeling was that I was flying in the sky, but with a top down view limited to the sides, I could only see down a bit like drones do nowadays except I was aware of the mass of my spirit, and I flew over many trees, an entire florest full of trees and mud, what I now understand was probably a rainy region, or. Wet region.

While at this I kept negotiating with entities (yes they were more than one) about what should I do here. The feeling was a bit like I wanted them to let me know what was I coming to do here, and their conclusion was that I could do whatever I wanted.

I did not see any of the entities, could only hear their messages but the feeling was that they were male. Submission Statement: MK ULTRA is a plot point in Stranger Things. In real life, MKULTRA was a secret mind control program in which thousands of people were drugged and experimented on against their will.  
  
The show also features further secret programs that seek to weaponize psychic powers just like Project Stargate. The CIA even clarified their stance on remote viewing in 2021, stating that enough accurate statistical remote viewing results exist to "defy randomness". Ugh, they are all full of crap, go to a professional hypnotherapist for a real past life regression. Also, pay attention to your dreams, a past life might come through that way too, but you have to be open to it. You can ask your guides for this information as well When my new mood doesn't make sense. 😏 

I still suck at this and fight the term "empath" half the time. I may not be the best source of info but my response above is the obvious hint for me. There are times when I just don't feel like myself, and then I realize it's likely someone in close proximity to me. I worked with a decent amount of people when I was waiting tables and there was plenty of conjoined energetic forces going on. It was draining! When your old friend start telling you have 'changed'
And not the person whom they used to know.. When I feel emotionally drained.  And it is for no specific reason, and I find it concerning. I'm pretty sure they were just messing with you, and they don't have a demon inside of them. No need to worry imo. I got a bad feeling from this. I would stay away from them. If you feel uncomfortable and uneasy around them, then that’s how you feel. No need to second guess it. I’ve been around manipulative people like that before where I denied my instincts. Never turned out well. Punch that person lol Follow that intuition of yours, pepper through everything you say.  I do feel intuition is so underrated, under used, but one of the most powerful protections we have.  Heed it my friend.  Demon?  Pppfft.  No. A hole?  Yes. I've not studied demons in depth, but my opinion? 

I've don't think  nor have I ever heard of a person being overtaken by a demon then eagerly spreading the word; " I've got a demon inside me!"

Sounds like a cheezy B movie. Stay clear. 🤍🙏 Just set up protections for yourself and if you can avoid them, do so. I find people that do that sort of thing get big power trips and by saying what they do, they are afraid of you or your power and you are indeed stronger. Relax but stay protected. And cut the cords to them. I’m feeling strongly that you need to cut ties entirely but that you need not worry about this person or their “abilities”. Let them go. Always trust your gut. Always. 

Now, stay away from this person. Lol, well whoever this is, they are stupid for inviting a demon inside of them for power, that always backfires 🤣 it's also easy to pick up on someone's confidence and maybe he does have some psychic abilities, but he's going about it in a toxic way. My ex was the same, pretty psychic but also a narcissist 

The tower card is a sign of endings or shocking revelation, I think it's both of these things for you and this person. I would avoid him. Thanks for all the responses! Forget to mention this person asked for my birth day and I stupidly gave it to them I once commented on this post asking for some similar advice, here’s what I got: get out there and explore. Read books, practice, meditate. Every journey is so unique, no one can possibly tell you exactly what to do. Do what feels right & natural for you and your own gifts. Lean into it, but also, be cautious. Don’t accept everything at face value. Challenge yourself.

When I was new to “this”, I came into it thinking I was crazy or something. Why do I hear random things in my head. Or how can I possibly just “know” something is in the room that no one else can see. But the randomness of the events is what really drove my confidence. I’m busy doing something and I suddenly receive a message about something else so completely random. For instance, the other night I was falling asleep and I heard this in my head “she’s not like us.” This was not my own thoughts. This unique impression was something else speaking to me, or for that matter, about me to others (I have a separate thing I’m dealing with). But yes, know you’re capable and born with the skills, just hone them through learning & exploration.

Something I learned along the way I wish I knew earlier, make sure before you engage in any spiritual work that you take a moment to ground, center & protect yourself. Otherwise you’ll open yourself up to a ton of stuff you don’t want. Once some pesky stuff is in it can be hard to get rid of (trust me on this).

Good luck to you! I hope someone else more seasoned than I responds here to your post. But so you know, you’ll probably have more luck asking something specific rather than something so general. I.e. “I was working on my clairaudience and had a question about x.” The veterans in this sub like to see that people are taking the initiative to learn for themselves, rather than give them all of the answers. Bottom line: Do you want your family tree to look like [this](https://www.google.com/search?q=dark+family+tree&client=ms-android-americamovil-us-revc&prmd=ivnsbm&sxsrf=ALiCzsbq_5Ntt3S4T9te4RWy14_64euIVw:1656812881875&source=lnms&tbm=isch&sa=X&ved=2ahUKEwi40qH6zNv4AhUYC0QIHTJ7C9EQ_AUoAXoECAIQAQ&biw=412&bih=695&dpr=1.75#imgrc=iX97INJbvIadgM)? Because that's how you make a family tree shaped like a mobius loop. Do you need someone to explain to you all the ways that this is a terrible idea and will never work for *you*?

Here are some options you could try:

On August 26, 2054 use the energy from a nuclear reactor meltdown to send a piece of paper back in time 33 years.

Trigger a supernova and use the energy from that to power a black hole/white hole generator capable of sending digital information back in time by approximately 22 minutes.

Bring a microwave emitter within the safe zone of a supernova blast then put an aluminum object in front of the microwave emitter and turn it on while the super heated plasma is expanding away from the supernova. Check out revision by Neville Lol wat? That's not possible Influence Do you know if it is usual to be an influencer if you also are an empath or has it no correlation? I am an empath and I have noticed that when I have showed up to work and I have been extraordinarily happy the entire place is bursting with positive energy and joking around more than usual, even though I have only walked inside and not even talked to anybody. Or maybe I just look more at ease and content and it spreads haha. it has made me question if I also affect others a lot and not only that I just sense others a lot. We are always broadcasting energy... what matters is the intent or lack thereof behind it. Sometimes it can be referred to as projective empathy. I had a cat who would send me his hunger pains when he wanted to wake me up for his breakfast. I could eat and eat and still feel hungry until I fed him. Or if I fed him first, I would be satisfied with a piece of toast.

He also sent us important messages via dreams, woke my honey up from low glucose incidents, and made him wear his c-pap mask. qi emission could be a phrase for it

everyone has both abilities, it's only a matter of how open they are to feeling it and how much junk is in the way of feeling it Charisma, and maybe the giving of ideas, a unique idea of your own can be spread like a virus Aura. The stronger your aura is, it radiates and amplifies your ‘vibe’ that you send to people. 

Aura is just a signal of your essence- and it may send positive or negative vibes, depending on who you are as a person. It's called a Projective Empath, the term has been around since the 1980's. I call it a "Dynamo" based on the fact that a dynamo was the first electrical generator and that the word dynamic ( the root word of dynamo) is used to describe a person that is full of energy.

So for me, an 'empathic dynamo' is a person who creates and broadcasts energy into the world around them. You can't rule out the possibility of this being a scam. Our personal information is available wherever on the internet we give it out. This person could have stalked your friend's social media accounts in order to gather enough information to sound either convincing or like a lunatic. Be very cautious any time a stranger says something to the effect of, "Something bad will happen to you unless you give me money," Most of the time this is just someone trying to scare someone else into giving them money. A truly altruistic person would use their gifts to help people without expecting some form of compensation. Helping people should be its own reward. Probably a scam, wait it out and see if something bad does indeed happen. Both. Time is a funny thing. For sure you can have a desire, see it manifest (intuition), then experience it manifest (manifestation). Enjoy! By continuing your research & studying in occult sciences and the field you are attune into gradually as you progress these abilities will unfold to you & you will find your way 👍 https://discord.gg/Dt4aF7ua I think you have your answer. You felt it that strongly.  

Making a mala is meditative in itself. Beadwork is spiritual.  Make one and see how it goes. I would definitely want to know my choices...like what type of shittier choices did i reject to get the shitty life i have now.... I don’t remember before birth, but the memories I have of the day I was born are very vivid. Not all the memories are mine, I remember being bathed for the first time but it’s like I was watching the whole thing, I can remember where everything was in the room and have spoken with my mother about it and confirmed it all, I remember being held by my one of my grandmother’s, and I remember the feeling of that day. It’s weird and I know it’s pretty much impossible to remember being born but I do. I have a strange vivid memory of such a thing since I was a young child. Growing up I always thought it may have been a dream but I had no idea when it may have happened. When I was very very little I used to tell my mom that I chose her and this life. I said I had a choice between two mommies and that she would make me a better mommy when I had kids. 

I definitely feel like I had. some kind of conscious choice about my life from before I was here. Yeah I'm sure many of us get different options for more than one life for different reasons I don’t have the memory of choice, but I do have a memory of a strange knowing that I was about to be born. I can best describe it as a comfortable contentedness. I remember being told my ‘mission’ in this life was to experience A LOT of pain and suffering. So much so I was kinda shocked enough to remember when I shouldn’t have. And I remember very much being disembodied yet a conscious entity. It’s a very comforting memory, can’t wait to go back but I also remember the sense of if I checked out early cos of the pain and suffering then I’ve failed the mission. https://discord.gg/Dt4aF7ua https://discord.gg/Dt4aF7ua It's actually my oldest and first memory.

The feeling was that I was flying in the sky, but with a top down view limited to the sides, I could only see down a bit like drones do nowadays except I was aware of the mass of my spirit, and I flew over many trees, an entire florest full of trees and mud, what I now understand was probably a rainy region, or. Wet region.

While at this I kept negotiating with entities (yes they were more than one) about what should I do here. The feeling was a bit like I wanted them to let me know what was I coming to do here, and their conclusion was that I could do whatever I wanted.

I did not see any of the entities, could only hear their messages but the feeling was that they were male. Submission Statement: MK ULTRA is a plot point in Stranger Things. In real life, MKULTRA was a secret mind control program in which thousands of people were drugged and experimented on against their will.  
  
The show also features further secret programs that seek to weaponize psychic powers just like Project Stargate. The CIA even clarified their stance on remote viewing in 2021, stating that enough accurate statistical remote viewing results exist to "defy randomness". Ugh, they are all full of crap, go to a professional hypnotherapist for a real past life regression. Also, pay attention to your dreams, a past life might come through that way too, but you have to be open to it. You can ask your guides for this information as well When my new mood doesn't make sense. 😏 

I still suck at this and fight the term "empath" half the time. I may not be the best source of info but my response above is the obvious hint for me. There are times when I just don't feel like myself, and then I realize it's likely someone in close proximity to me. I worked with a decent amount of people when I was waiting tables and there was plenty of conjoined energetic forces going on. It was draining! When your old friend start telling you have 'changed'
And not the person whom they used to know.. When I feel emotionally drained.  And it is for no specific reason, and I find it concerning. I'm pretty sure they were just messing with you, and they don't have a demon inside of them. No need to worry imo. I got a bad feeling from this. I would stay away from them. If you feel uncomfortable and uneasy around them, then that’s how you feel. No need to second guess it. I’ve been around manipulative people like that before where I denied my instincts. Never turned out well. Punch that person lol Follow that intuition of yours, pepper through everything you say.  I do feel intuition is so underrated, under used, but one of the most powerful protections we have.  Heed it my friend.  Demon?  Pppfft.  No. A hole?  Yes. I've not studied demons in depth, but my opinion? 

I've don't think  nor have I ever heard of a person being overtaken by a demon then eagerly spreading the word; " I've got a demon inside me!"

Sounds like a cheezy B movie. Stay clear. 🤍🙏 Just set up protections for yourself and if you can avoid them, do so. I find people that do that sort of thing get big power trips and by saying what they do, they are afraid of you or your power and you are indeed stronger. Relax but stay protected. And cut the cords to them. I’m feeling strongly that you need to cut ties entirely but that you need not worry about this person or their “abilities”. Let them go. Always trust your gut. Always. 

Now, stay away from this person. Lol, well whoever this is, they are stupid for inviting a demon inside of them for power, that always backfires 🤣 it's also easy to pick up on someone's confidence and maybe he does have some psychic abilities, but he's going about it in a toxic way. My ex was the same, pretty psychic but also a narcissist 

The tower card is a sign of endings or shocking revelation, I think it's both of these things for you and this person. I would avoid him. Thanks for all the responses! Forget to mention this person asked for my birth day and I stupidly gave it to them I once commented on this post asking for some similar advice, here’s what I got: get out there and explore. Read books, practice, meditate. Every journey is so unique, no one can possibly tell you exactly what to do. Do what feels right & natural for you and your own gifts. Lean into it, but also, be cautious. Don’t accept everything at face value. Challenge yourself.

When I was new to “this”, I came into it thinking I was crazy or something. Why do I hear random things in my head. Or how can I possibly just “know” something is in the room that no one else can see. But the randomness of the events is what really drove my confidence. I’m busy doing something and I suddenly receive a message about something else so completely random. For instance, the other night I was falling asleep and I heard this in my head “she’s not like us.” This was not my own thoughts. This unique impression was something else speaking to me, or for that matter, about me to others (I have a separate thing I’m dealing with). But yes, know you’re capable and born with the skills, just hone them through learning & exploration.

Something I learned along the way I wish I knew earlier, make sure before you engage in any spiritual work that you take a moment to ground, center & protect yourself. Otherwise you’ll open yourself up to a ton of stuff you don’t want. Once some pesky stuff is in it can be hard to get rid of (trust me on this).

Good luck to you! I hope someone else more seasoned than I responds here to your post. But so you know, you’ll probably have more luck asking something specific rather than something so general. I.e. “I was working on my clairaudience and had a question about x.” The veterans in this sub like to see that people are taking the initiative to learn for themselves, rather than give them all of the answers. Bottom line: Do you want your family tree to look like [this](https://www.google.com/search?q=dark+family+tree&client=ms-android-americamovil-us-revc&prmd=ivnsbm&sxsrf=ALiCzsbq_5Ntt3S4T9te4RWy14_64euIVw:1656812881875&source=lnms&tbm=isch&sa=X&ved=2ahUKEwi40qH6zNv4AhUYC0QIHTJ7C9EQ_AUoAXoECAIQAQ&biw=412&bih=695&dpr=1.75#imgrc=iX97INJbvIadgM)? Because that's how you make a family tree shaped like a mobius loop. Do you need someone to explain to you all the ways that this is a terrible idea and will never work for *you*?

Here are some options you could try:

On August 26, 2054 use the energy from a nuclear reactor meltdown to send a piece of paper back in time 33 years.

Trigger a supernova and use the energy from that to power a black hole/white hole generator capable of sending digital information back in time by approximately 22 minutes.

Bring a microwave emitter within the safe zone of a supernova blast then put an aluminum object in front of the microwave emitter and turn it on while the super heated plasma is expanding away from the supernova. Check out revision by Neville Lol wat? That's not possible Influence Do you know if it is usual to be an influencer if you also are an empath or has it no correlation? I am an empath and I have noticed that when I have showed up to work and I have been extraordinarily happy the entire place is bursting with positive energy and joking around more than usual, even though I have only walked inside and not even talked to anybody. Or maybe I just look more at ease and content and it spreads haha. it has made me question if I also affect others a lot and not only that I just sense others a lot. We are always broadcasting energy... what matters is the intent or lack thereof behind it. Sometimes it can be referred to as projective empathy. I had a cat who would send me his hunger pains when he wanted to wake me up for his breakfast. I could eat and eat and still feel hungry until I fed him. Or if I fed him first, I would be satisfied with a piece of toast.

He also sent us important messages via dreams, woke my honey up from low glucose incidents, and made him wear his c-pap mask. qi emission could be a phrase for it

everyone has both abilities, it's only a matter of how open they are to feeling it and how much junk is in the way of feeling it Aura. The stronger your aura is, it radiates and amplifies your ‘vibe’ that you send to people. 

Aura is just a signal of your essence- and it may send positive or negative vibes, depending on who you are as a person. It's called a Projective Empath, the term has been around since the 1980's. Charisma, and maybe the giving of ideas, a unique idea of your own can be spread like a virus I call it a "Dynamo" based on the fact that a dynamo was the first electrical generator and that the word dynamic ( the root word of dynamo) is used to describe a person that is full of energy.

So for me, an 'empathic dynamo' is a person who creates and broadcasts energy into the world around them. How do we request a reading? [removed] [removed] [removed] [removed] [removed] [removed] Offering readings for the next blessing that’s  coming to you. Don’t need any info to read the energies :)
So excited to do these, I feel like progress/expansion is happening for everyone at a rapid speed right now Hi. Am looking to practice tarot readings on people as a beginner. To gain experienceand test my accuracy. PM me if interested. If I dont respond then I got too many msgs or its out of my time zone. Thanks ♡. [removed] I’m currently offering short readings for practice :)  I’ll pull from tarot and two oracle decks I would definitely want to know my choices...like what type of shittier choices did i reject to get the shitty life i have now.... I don’t remember before birth, but the memories I have of the day I was born are very vivid. Not all the memories are mine, I remember being bathed for the first time but it’s like I was watching the whole thing, I can remember where everything was in the room and have spoken with my mother about it and confirmed it all, I remember being held by my one of my grandmother’s, and I remember the feeling of that day. It’s weird and I know it’s pretty much impossible to remember being born but I do. I have a strange vivid memory of such a thing since I was a young child. Growing up I always thought it may have been a dream but I had no idea when it may have happened. When I was very very little I used to tell my mom that I chose her and this life. I said I had a choice between two mommies and that she would make me a better mommy when I had kids. 

I definitely feel like I had. some kind of conscious choice about my life from before I was here. Yeah I'm sure many of us get different options for more than one life for different reasons I don’t have the memory of choice, but I do have a memory of a strange knowing that I was about to be born. I can best describe it as a comfortable contentedness. I remember being told my ‘mission’ in this life was to experience A LOT of pain and suffering. So much so I was kinda shocked enough to remember when I shouldn’t have. And I remember very much being disembodied yet a conscious entity. It’s a very comforting memory, can’t wait to go back but I also remember the sense of if I checked out early cos of the pain and suffering then I’ve failed the mission. https://discord.gg/Dt4aF7ua https://discord.gg/Dt4aF7ua It's actually my oldest and first memory.

The feeling was that I was flying in the sky, but with a top down view limited to the sides, I could only see down a bit like drones do nowadays except I was aware of the mass of my spirit, and I flew over many trees, an entire florest full of trees and mud, what I now understand was probably a rainy region, or. Wet region.

While at this I kept negotiating with entities (yes they were more than one) about what should I do here. The feeling was a bit like I wanted them to let me know what was I coming to do here, and their conclusion was that I could do whatever I wanted.

I did not see any of the entities, could only hear their messages but the feeling was that they were male. Influence Do you know if it is usual to be an influencer if you also are an empath or has it no correlation? I am an empath and I have noticed that when I have showed up to work and I have been extraordinarily happy the entire place is bursting with positive energy and joking around more than usual, even though I have only walked inside and not even talked to anybody. Or maybe I just look more at ease and content and it spreads haha. it has made me question if I also affect others a lot and not only that I just sense others a lot. We are always broadcasting energy... what matters is the intent or lack thereof behind it. Sometimes it can be referred to as projective empathy. I had a cat who would send me his hunger pains when he wanted to wake me up for his breakfast. I could eat and eat and still feel hungry until I fed him. Or if I fed him first, I would be satisfied with a piece of toast.

He also sent us important messages via dreams, woke my honey up from low glucose incidents, and made him wear his c-pap mask. qi emission could be a phrase for it

everyone has both abilities, it's only a matter of how open they are to feeling it and how much junk is in the way of feeling it Aura. The stronger your aura is, it radiates and amplifies your ‘vibe’ that you send to people. 

Aura is just a signal of your essence- and it may send positive or negative vibes, depending on who you are as a person. It's called a Projective Empath, the term has been around since the 1980's. Charisma, and maybe the giving of ideas, a unique idea of your own can be spread like a virus I call it a "Dynamo" based on the fact that a dynamo was the first electrical generator and that the word dynamic ( the root word of dynamo) is used to describe a person that is full of energy.

So for me, an 'empathic dynamo' is a person who creates and broadcasts energy into the world around them. Lovely story, thanks for sharing it 🤗🤗 Wow. I had something similar happen, but not with the drama part <3 It’s the universe speaking to you! This is lovely. How affirming for you. Thank you everybody!! It feels really good to share the story and feel heard and not judged or met with skepticism. 

I actually can prove this one, also, because I use a journal app on my phone to record them so the metadata shows it written 2.5 hours before the text thread begins. Not that anyone here is asking I just feel like I need to shout it to the world cause holy shit this is real..! https://discord.gg/Dt4aF7ua While many psychics do read for themselves, it's usually in the sense that they do their own tarot readings.  Tarot , runes, astrology, or other divination tools help because it's a card/symbol outside of yourself directing the information.  

IME some people may have better luck with it that others.  Usually depending how much they are able to get out of the way regarding outcomes.  Generally speaking though, psychics are not immune from being attached to outcomes, so their readings tend to be less accurate when performed on themselves.    


It's better (IMO) for psychics to see other psychics when they're emotionally attached to the outcome (which is normal for all people to be attached).  However, some people get hung up on seeking external help, they think needing to see someone else makes them "weak" which is nonsense in my opinion, but it is what it is. I don’t exactly sit down and do a reading for myself. Things just come to me. Warnings, messages things like that. One morning as I was getting ready for work I heard “watch out for the deer“. There was indeed a deer standing in the middle of the highway on my way to work.

I do read tarot for myself. Every morning I do prayer and a ritual for self protection and then I pull cards. It’s a common thing to do. My clairvoyant & clairaudient abilities are strongest, but I also speak with Spirit/MY Team.
 I ask my Team questions, often receiving one or two word answers. I've found using tarot & oracle cards I receive more detailed answers and clarity.

BTW everyone is born with " psychic" abilities it's not just a select few.

If you are open to receiving and learn to quiet your mind you'll be surprised at the abilities you do have. Good question! It's easier to read others because you have some distance from the emotions that may come up in the reading.

But you can, with practice, learn to read your own energy. The useful thing that makes it possible is finding a way to be neutral to what you see in your own space. The technique I use the most is blowing pictures. This takes some of the energy off of the pictures I'm reading so that I can see them more clearly and not match them; i.e. keep my perspective neutral.

I use the same technique when I read other people. When I use it on myself, I may need to repeat the process because what I want to read may be living under layers of pictures and energy, but that's about it at this point. It just takes longer.

If I'm in a hurry or I'm really stuck, I'll ask my wife to take a look. I don’t read myself, nor am I psychic in the sense of seeing the future.. I have other apparent ‘gifts’, as I’ve been told before…? My psychic told me 2 things about rhe future in March and said they would happen soon...im glad I'm not holding my breath > What makes some more receptive to psychic abilities than others?

Tendency to actually listen Personally, I think I unconsciously blocked a lot of my abilities for most of my adult life due to being an unhealthy empath and suffering abusive trauma. A couple years ago, I started experiencing an intense spiritual awakening and my psychic abilities exploded as a part of that. I had to come up to speed very quickly not only with accepting that I had abilities but also learning how they worked and how to work with them and set up healthy energetic boundaries. I think people with abilities are born that way, but that our life experiences can cause us to either consciously or unconsciously block them. For me, meditation has helped IMMENSELY. I had to learn to know what my own energy felt like so that I could start to differentiate it from energy that comes from outside myself and learn to not get so overwhelmed by energy that's not my own. Also, once I accepted that this is a thing that happens to me, I started really paying attention to messages that I get from gut feelings, spirit guides, etc. I started noticing more and more things that in the past I either wouldn't have noticed at all or would have blown off as coincidence. Once I started paying attention, I started appreciating how spirit is constantly broadcasting and how all you have to do is turn on your radio. 

I feel that my daughter has some gifts... she is am empath and she and I seem to be very psychically connected. I think being interested in spirituality and having an open mind helps considerably. Some people just don’t believe at all and think it’s all nonsense which is fine but if they aren’t receptive to psychic abilities it’s not going to happen for them. Most of the time that is the case at least, there are exceptions. Usually after something that was out of their control like a near death experience or unintentional astral projection, seeing a spirit etc can change people’s outlook. > more receptive

There's a subtle distinction in your question. I like it!  This makes your question different from the usual, "Is everybody psychic" style question.

I've met psychics that had no choice. Good readers. Somewhat traumatized by their abilities. Their abilities opened up on them in a dramatic way and even though they can use them, they still struggle to manage their lives. Your question really doesn't apply to them. It also doesn't apply to those who are overwhelmed by one or more of their abilities. I've met a few of those, too. I would not describe these psychics as being in tune as much as being a sick psychic. It's something dominating their lives and they've learned to live with it.

Then there are the seekers. These folks are the majority of our minority and they seek help, healing, growth, understanding, and awareness. These are the receptive ones. So why are they receptive?

Like you, their abilities were more like the music that plays in the background in a super market. Psychic elevator music that they are really OK with but when they share any of it with those that don't hear the music, it shocks and scares them.

In my late 20s, I got a divorce after four years of marriage. She left the state to begin a new life. Maybe a year later, I woke up one morning and thought of her. This was unusual. Later that day, I decided to call her just to see how she was doing. 

The night before, she'd been driving the car we'd bought together and it was T-boned and totaled. She was OK but "our" car was a total loss. Maybe six months or a year later, same setup happened of waking up thinking of her, called her that day, and she had gotten engaged the night before. She laughed about me calling her twice after major events in her life. He was the same build and coloring as me. Had the same initials. Had traveled a lot like me. We had a good laugh at me saying our marriage must have been a case of mistaken identity.

Some time passed and I woke up thinking of her. She had found out the night before that she was pregnant for the first time. This time she was very uncomfortable and asked me never to call her again, and I haven't. 

Years later I joined the clairvoyant training program at the Berkeley Psychic Institute. I learned about spiritual agreements and how that don't always line up with physical life the way we expect them to. I learned about cords and chakras and matching pictures. The last one, matching pictures, was a huge light bulb moment for me. My life experience to that point all fell into place and I understood and accepted all the events that led me to that time and place, and that group of people. 

That was in the 80s. I'm 70 years old now and enjoy my abilities mostly in private. People are still afraid of "mind readers" and still don't realize just how boring their thoughts are to read LOL! But their pictures are really interesting. 

I think that some families have psychic lineages, not because of the DNA of the bodies, but because the family accepted granny as a psychic and that acceptance created permission for other family members to be psychic. You can see this happen at psychic fairs, where someone gets dragged there by their friends and ends up opening up a little, matching the energy of the group, and discovers they have some abilities, too.

What I've learned at work is to let the game come to me. There are lots of smart people in the software engineering business, all very capable spirits. They know who I am on some level and I focus on the relationships. They will come to me with questions about technology, but they also like getting a hello from someone that sees them as spirit. If I every open that topic up, the relationships would end, so I ground myself and read the energy all day long, and this creates permission for those that talk with me to heal themselves. It's a nice energy that I set and it's useful to the company because more work gets done and done in a better way. I don't have to know everything; I just give them my answers and give them permission to find their information on whatever the problem of the day happens to be, and everyone has more fun.

Children are often more inclined psychically but lose both interest and ability as the grow up. I met a six year old neighbor girl many years ago that I'd shared several past lives with. She recognized my energy, sat on the hood of a car, and just stared at me as I walked my dog down the hill. She asked who I was and I gave her my name. She said nice to meet you but felt awkward saying it like that. I asked her name and she gave it to me. I said it's nice to see you again and she lit up like Christmas. She knew we knew and grinned like crazy. Two years later, she had no recollection of how we met this lifetime. Neuron pruning is real. Call me crazy(I have schizoaffective disorder) but while I think every single person has psychic ability, I feel anyone who might fall on the neurodivergent spectrum are particularly inclined. Personally I think it's the way the receptors in the brain work, I think of it as energy and like radio waves, I feel my brain is on a more wide spectrum and that's why I can read people and entities. With age my eyes are going and I don't see spirits as easy as I use too, eyes work on light waves entering them also I feel mine where better able too see energy that other could not but with them failing I'm losing that.
I did not think people could learn but I changed my mind some since remote viewer can learn so I feel maybe you can train yourself to tune in to the energy to do these things. I think it’s simply a combo of being open to it, (ie. not quick to shut things down as “woo-woo”, or requiring book knowledge to believe. Most people are like this sadly) and being generally mindful / not overtly distracted by external stuff 24/7.

*Everyone* is psychic. It’s built in and is often survival mechanism that everyone has and uses even if it’s generally shut down beyond that. It just unfortunately gets shut down for most because of the above. For me, it made all the difference when I started to believe in myself more, and know that I'm capable I think everyone equally able to tune into their psychic abilities. The reason there’s people more receptive is many times because they don’t play the ego-games as seriously as other people. This is due to usually their past experiences… so they become more open and receptive to such things, spirituality etc. Some thoughts.
Genetics: I think some families are naturally hardwired for abilities as well as being open to spirituality. My grandmother was very open  and would share things like communicating with the deceased.
Trauma: I had some trauma events as a child. One was a seizure at age 2, the other was a sexual assault when I was around 8. The SA caused me to leave my body and watch things unfold as though watching a movie.
Vivid dreams and sleepwalking: I sleptwalked up through my teens and still have the disturbing dreams.
Creative/artistic: I believe many in the spiritual community are highly gifted with creative abilities. Clean body, spring water. No man made food or medicine  chemicals. Crystals, crystals, and more crystals.
Nothing accelerates us like spending time with the energy masters.

All these practices help, but most of all inviting  to be a channel and serve the light. When I do readings it’s based on two things:
1. How open the persons subconscious is to the idea of being read 
2. How vocal and loud their loved ones are on the other side. Sometimes they start showing me things even when the person is just setting up the appointment with me. I think there are many factors. One factor I haven’t seen in the thread yet are zodiac signs and your birth chart. I know water signs are more intuitive than the rest. I had this thought once about matter and radiation and I thought of how a computer can connect to the Internet through a wire or through wifi. human beings have physical bodies but we also emit infra-red light which some animals have the ability to see but we don't. Physical matter has clear boudnaries but radiation doesn't. A wifi connection can be strong or weak depending on how close you are to the device but the wire either has connection to the Internet or not. the wifi has no clear exact boundary. This shows that reality is both diffuse and clear at the same time. That sometimes boarders are clear and sometimes they blend in and spearse out and like waves ripples around and people and things can be affected by this wave. Perhaps people with more psychic abilities are more sensitive towards the invisible, intangeble, immaterial dimension of life. In that dimension units are alot more fused together and not as clearly separated with clear cut boarders and what happens in somebody else ripples through and also happens in others. When you are swimming in the ocean you are a victim of many waves and other things coming at you but if you are lying in a tub with the water trapped in the tub nothing from the outside affects the water. I am very sure I feel others emotions even without seeing or hearing them but just by being in their vicinity, and I have had premonitions and other "irrational" psychic stuff happening to me. In those occasions time and space has not had clear cut boundaries. Reality is very boundaryless sometimes, but we humans tend to focus on the material, which has very clear boundaries. Space appears to be completely without boarders. Atoms has boarders. What the exact nature is that makes somebody more in tune with this immaterial dimesion is a mystery of course. Or at least I don't know. Karma. Just as everyone can sing at times, everyone is able to tap in on psychic energies at times. We are not all great singers, but sometimes we sound good. Just like sometimes we get psychic energy. However, the  practice of tuning in, takes time. Meditation, opening and closing Chakras, understanding your own ability and how to use it, all is a factor. Learning how to ground and protect, how to shut down when you hav to. If you learn to shut down, you will learn that when you open up, you are a much clearer channel. Being still, breathing, meditating, intention, practice. Wear gemstone as per your moon sign, 
Vegetarian diet,
Chanting mantra or meditation with incense focusing upon deity..
Listening to binaural beats like 639hz ,936hz..
Channelizing your sexual energy with various yoga techniques.. Ugh, they are all full of crap, go to a professional hypnotherapist for a real past life regression. Also, pay attention to your dreams, a past life might come through that way too, but you have to be open to it. You can ask your guides for this information as well I'm pretty sure they were just messing with you, and they don't have a demon inside of them. No need to worry imo. I got a bad feeling from this. I would stay away from them. If you feel uncomfortable and uneasy around them, then that’s how you feel. No need to second guess it. I’ve been around manipulative people like that before where I denied my instincts. Never turned out well. Punch that person lol Always trust your gut. Always. 

Now, stay away from this person. Lol, well whoever this is, they are stupid for inviting a demon inside of them for power, that always backfires 🤣 it's also easy to pick up on someone's confidence and maybe he does have some psychic abilities, but he's going about it in a toxic way. My ex was the same, pretty psychic but also a narcissist 

The tower card is a sign of endings or shocking revelation, I think it's both of these things for you and this person. I would avoid him. Follow that intuition of yours, pepper through everything you say.  I do feel intuition is so underrated, under used, but one of the most powerful protections we have.  Heed it my friend.  Demon?  Pppfft.  No. A hole?  Yes. I've not studied demons in depth, but my opinion? 

I've don't think  nor have I ever heard of a person being overtaken by a demon then eagerly spreading the word; " I've got a demon inside me!"

Sounds like a cheezy B movie. Stay clear. 🤍🙏 Just set up protections for yourself and if you can avoid them, do so. I find people that do that sort of thing get big power trips and by saying what they do, they are afraid of you or your power and you are indeed stronger. Relax but stay protected. And cut the cords to them. I’m feeling strongly that you need to cut ties entirely but that you need not worry about this person or their “abilities”. Let them go. Thanks for all the responses! Forget to mention this person asked for my birth day and I stupidly gave it to them I once commented on this post asking for some similar advice, here’s what I got: get out there and explore. Read books, practice, meditate. Every journey is so unique, no one can possibly tell you exactly what to do. Do what feels right & natural for you and your own gifts. Lean into it, but also, be cautious. Don’t accept everything at face value. Challenge yourself.

When I was new to “this”, I came into it thinking I was crazy or something. Why do I hear random things in my head. Or how can I possibly just “know” something is in the room that no one else can see. But the randomness of the events is what really drove my confidence. I’m busy doing something and I suddenly receive a message about something else so completely random. For instance, the other night I was falling asleep and I heard this in my head “she’s not like us.” This was not my own thoughts. This unique impression was something else speaking to me, or for that matter, about me to others (I have a separate thing I’m dealing with). But yes, know you’re capable and born with the skills, just hone them through learning & exploration.

Something I learned along the way I wish I knew earlier, make sure before you engage in any spiritual work that you take a moment to ground, center & protect yourself. Otherwise you’ll open yourself up to a ton of stuff you don’t want. Once some pesky stuff is in it can be hard to get rid of (trust me on this).

Good luck to you! I hope someone else more seasoned than I responds here to your post. But so you know, you’ll probably have more luck asking something specific rather than something so general. I.e. “I was working on my clairaudience and had a question about x.” The veterans in this sub like to see that people are taking the initiative to learn for themselves, rather than give them all of the answers. You can't rule out the possibility of this being a scam. Our personal information is available wherever on the internet we give it out. This person could have stalked your friend's social media accounts in order to gather enough information to sound either convincing or like a lunatic. Be very cautious any time a stranger says something to the effect of, "Something bad will happen to you unless you give me money," Most of the time this is just someone trying to scare someone else into giving them money. A truly altruistic person would use their gifts to help people without expecting some form of compensation. Helping people should be its own reward. Probably a scam, wait it out and see if something bad does indeed happen. By continuing your research & studying in occult sciences and the field you are attune into gradually as you progress these abilities will unfold to you & you will find your way 👍 I think you have your answer. You felt it that strongly.  

Making a mala is meditative in itself. Beadwork is spiritual.  Make one and see how it goes. Submission Statement: MK ULTRA is a plot point in Stranger Things. In real life, MKULTRA was a secret mind control program in which thousands of people were drugged and experimented on against their will.  
  
The show also features further secret programs that seek to weaponize psychic powers just like Project Stargate. The CIA even clarified their stance on remote viewing in 2021, stating that enough accurate statistical remote viewing results exist to "defy randomness". When my new mood doesn't make sense. 😏 

I still suck at this and fight the term "empath" half the time. I may not be the best source of info but my response above is the obvious hint for me. There are times when I just don't feel like myself, and then I realize it's likely someone in close proximity to me. I worked with a decent amount of people when I was waiting tables and there was plenty of conjoined energetic forces going on. It was draining! When your old friend start telling you have 'changed'
And not the person whom they used to know.. When I feel emotionally drained.  And it is for no specific reason, and I find it concerning. Bottom line: Do you want your family tree to look like [this](https://www.google.com/search?q=dark+family+tree&client=ms-android-americamovil-us-revc&prmd=ivnsbm&sxsrf=ALiCzsbq_5Ntt3S4T9te4RWy14_64euIVw:1656812881875&source=lnms&tbm=isch&sa=X&ved=2ahUKEwi40qH6zNv4AhUYC0QIHTJ7C9EQ_AUoAXoECAIQAQ&biw=412&bih=695&dpr=1.75#imgrc=iX97INJbvIadgM)? Because that's how you make a family tree shaped like a mobius loop. Do you need someone to explain to you all the ways that this is a terrible idea and will never work for *you*?

Here are some options you could try:

On August 26, 2054 use the energy from a nuclear reactor meltdown to send a piece of paper back in time 33 years.

Trigger a supernova and use the energy from that to power a black hole/white hole generator capable of sending digital information back in time by approximately 22 minutes.

Bring a microwave emitter within the safe zone of a supernova blast then put an aluminum object in front of the microwave emitter and turn it on while the super heated plasma is expanding away from the supernova. Check out revision by Neville Lol wat? That's not possible Both. Time is a funny thing. For sure you can have a desire, see it manifest (intuition), then experience it manifest (manifestation). Enjoy! It's usually like an overlay in my mind's eye.

EDIT: I have to be really amped up (or the energy is particularly strong) for me to see it with my eyes. In addition to a physical body we also have subtle astral and mental bodies. These subtle bodies have senses just like the physical body that tell us about things beyond the physical. In psychic individuals these senses are just more developed than in an average person. Personally my senses are magnified I can tell another energy is there without seeing it I just kinda know as for seeing it I see things with my minds eye and other things are right in front of my face there's no denying it over time your gifts become honed if you use them on a constant basis and as children paranormal experiences are the norm because your sight is very clear And you were never taught there was something different or in some cases told you were crazy or your seeing things that's why alot of adults have a hard time excepting their gifts with their eyes. Thanks for asking this! Great answers from people. I can see auras too but for most people they seem kinda thin or worn down. I don’t see shapes though unless I’m mediating in my head and then I’ll sometimes see patterns or shapes That's great !!! I think it has a lot to do with self concept; when we work on ourselves and mental health its like opening a new gate. Lately, my third eye tingles all the time- it bothers my forehead and goes on and off for about 3 minutes. One of these days I was at my bedroom door telling my cat to come in because I was going to sleep. Hes a gray ish cat and the hall was kinda dark, the only light was coming from my room. But when he moved, I saw yellow and red. And I was like "dude...did I just see your aura?" And I was rlly shocked. So I went straight to google to see what kind of auras cats have, and it said yellow first. I tried to do it again but I couldnt see it anymore. I also tried looking at mine, with the hand method but not looking directly at it. I was told like 3 years ago my aura was white, but I know it probably changed. 

Omg as Im writing this my third eye is tingling lmao. 

Sometimes I see light patterns too, like green or yellow. But since I have a lazy eye I think its just part of my vision. But ive been seeing stuff from the corner of my eye, shadows maybe. I think its just my hair though, I cant really tell. But it hits me since a psychic told me I can see things- and I told her that I cant. She was really serious about it too. And also said that I have a path to be in the psychic world. But I rather not get too much into it. I heard opening your third eye too much can cause trouble. Where do you guys live. I would pay money for someone to check mine! We all can , it's always within us ..just practice..start with mediation and try tarot readings..try with yourself then others , journal dreams ...

Edit- u can practice with pendulum too Not really. It’s more of an indication of what will happen if you stay on your current path but that doesn’t mean you can’t change your path. Good question but depends on everyone's beliefs.

I can predict some events before they happen, but I also had the chance to change them. No. Always in motion the future is. 

We're creating the future right now. And by that I mean the Big We, all of us together on this planet. As you can easily see on the evening news, that creates some conflict.

We come here with our plans and immediately run into the plans our families have already put into motion. Free will is real. It just doesn't mean what some think it means. The lack of absolute free will (getting everything you ever desire) does not mean that there are pre-existing plans that are causing you not to get what you want. 

It's a physical world filled with creative spirits. Sometimes the energy just cancels out like waves on the ocean and other times the energy amplifies each other, also like waves on the ocean. Your free will creates your waves and then the ocean has its way with them. Not at all. Precognition, just like many of the other abilities, is presenting  to you, or in this case, projecting a certain level of the energy before you and how it’s vibrating. If it stays the same because nothing or no one changes the perimeters (begin with the self) then the outcome is likely to stay the same. That is free will. Making a choice to change nothing is free will. If, on the other hand, changes were made prior to events, the outcome is likely to be very different because in that instance, free will was again exercised. I personally believe that while some events are meant to happen (for whatever reason) there is a lot that's within our control.

Though I'd be cautious when dabbling with trying to see the future. You might set off a chain of events that lead to it coming true. Precognition is just reading the probabilities of events collapsing into a specific possibility. It is a sure thing. 

This collapse can be helped along by certain practices. Including bringing it about yourself as a self fulfilling prophecy. It also allows you to do things that divert the collapse into another, less probable outcome. Sometimes the very act of reading can influence this. 

This is why experts recommend reading short term only. Trying to divine events years or decades down the road is extremely difficult due the massive amounts of possibilities between now and then. This is super common, it’s a form of precognition. Some days it’s psychic abilities, personally I believe everyone has it to some degree and it’s just more prominent in some people, kinda like gut feelings That’s crazy, did you ever think that the first person who commented on this thread would win the lotto? First, do not be scared of your powers. You have a gift. Also, do not think you are causing bad things to happen, you aren't. You are just seeing them before they happen.

Time does not work at all the way we are taught in school. Time is not a straight line, time is an infinite spiral that is constantly moving and shifting. Everyone has the ability to see things before they happen, that's why the term "déjà vu" exists. But for most people, it only happens once in awhile and is not an actual power they need to learn how to use and control so that it doesn't get in the way or overpower them.

With your gift, you will need to learn how your powers work, they will change as you get older and you will keep learning new things about yourself and your abilities. You will need to learn to control your powers so that it doesn't make you feel upset or panicked. 

Please start meditating. This is very important. I used to have the scariest panic attacks and they went away when I started meditating. Meditation will help you better understand your powers and be able to read signs and warnings easily. You will also be able to avoid feeling scared or overwhelmed by your visions. 

You should also carry a protective amulet with you at all times to help protect you when you are feeling overwhelmed and also keep away any negative energy, harmful spirits, energy vampires, etc. that love to mess with people who have psychic abilities and are doing spiritual work. With being psychic/on a spiritual path, comes psychic attacks, not just from other humans but various entities as well. Protection is key. A protective amulet can come in many forms and depends on your spiritual beliefs, culture, and personal preference. If you feel calm and protected when you handle this amulet, then it is the right one for you. Do not use something just because you think that's what you should use but you don't connect to it. You must connect to it and feel protected when you handle it.

I also recommend keeping a journal of all the messages you are receiving and what ended up happening in the material world after you received the messages. Write down as much detail as you can. Psychic visions are its own language and right now you need to learn how to interpret that language so that it can help you and not overwhelm you. The language will change a lot, but you will learn to understand the changes and shifts better with time and practice.

Your powers will be very useful, especially when trying to protect you and those close to you, which is the main benefit of having that ability. The one question that will really turn in your skill is wondering if you say something is it going to change the outcome?

Or the ole, am I creating this by thinking it twister?  The power of thoughts, reality creation. 

Then there is the I previewed my life before incarnating thought that creeps in.  Or the, did I dream this?  Or is this a dream?

Try to be gentle with yourself and don't panic.  Keep your thoughts focused on what you want to experience in your life.  That's usually the best advice in most situations. Synchronicity :)

you're on the right track; follow your heart :) Don't be afraid, it is just a part of who you are. Claim your power, but be responsible with it. There's lots of us who are the same, or similar. 

I recommend putting time aside each day to meditate. Draw healthy boundaries for yourself in both the physical and spiritual worlds. You're extra sensitive to both high and low vibes, so bouncing/neutralizing those low vibes is essential to your peace and happiness. There's lots of info out there.

Of course -- It's your choice whether you want to pursue the gifts or not. I used to see spirits as a kid. I blocked it. Then I used to get lots of precognition and synchronicity in my teens and early twenties. I blocked it. And now, I am back on the path again!

It can be put off... but to be honest, I don't think it's very healthy. I personally have not had a good time of it. I wish I had accepted myself sooner. But oh well -- live and learn, right?

Good luck to you friend - safe and happy travels on your spiritual journey. Sounds like you have been gifted with precognition Happens to me often, it just means you are in tune with the universe :) Take things slow, think positive+ and follow your passions. Everything will be revealed. Breathe and ground yourself. Are you learning any mysticism or spiritual information lately? This is the way life is supposed to be. You’re on the right track, just pay attention to your thoughts and only let positive ones in I think all of those are common. Don't know your age, but through your life youll be more and less connected, so just enjoy. It will come and go Think about this friendly internet stranger having a positive turn of events please! Yeah this happens to me all the time I think you're getting these as a warning so that you can do something about the more serious and deadly ones, like praying for those people or doing spell work or some kind of protective something to prevent the accidents and deaths from happening No need to freak out, love! This is honestly a natural part of being human. Just take the information as it comes. With time and experience you will learn how to respond to the info that comes to you. I’m still learning as well. Frankly I have had this type of things happening before. Unfortunately we cant necessarily stop whats meant to happen. With these things you really must not worry unless they are bad such as the last one.

They happen to me every once in awhile but definitely more then whats considered ‘normal’- if you want to call it normal. Only worry when something feels BAD. You will normally get a deep-empty-hollow feeling within your gut. Its almost as if your stomach feels its being sucked into itself and as if you can FEEL the color black in your stomach. This is all for negative associations. 

Be safe- Blessings be. The more you listen, the more you’ll hear. It’s a useful voice but try not to feel frightened or be disrespectful of your gift. Be honourable and kind and this gift will help you through your life. Yes, you are going through a precognition awakening and there’s no need to be scared. It’s really not that unusual. This is your foray into your awakening so take the time to learn about it and more about yourself as you experience all of these events. It can be a bit overwhelming and intimidating so just be patient with yourself. There are a lot of ways for you to learn how to hone these skills and one is through meditation. Just know that you’ll be okay.
Best to you on your journey!🥰 It happens to me frequently,  almost daily. These are all really strong vibrational shifts as well. It's one of two things - precognition or confirmation bias. Impossible for anyone else to tell you which, sadly. Unfortunately confirmation bias is a really big thing when people assume psychic phenomena are at play. For example 'I knew who was calling before I picked up the phone!' is super commonplace - but people are more likely to remember who they thought was calling if it proved true. Not saying the real deal can't happen, just that it's easy to think more is going on than there actually is.

Going forward, test it. If these thoughts were strong enough for you to have noticed them and remembered them, write down any thought that feels the same with a time and date, or mention it to a friend or family member (one that would be OK with weirdness!). Then write down if or when it happens IRL, and how close to the thought the event was, accuracy-wise. From your description, the events were similar or thematically related more often than they were exact, so it would be interesting to see how close things get. I think you’re experiencing synchronicity. 

https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Synchronicity

I personally don’t believe that people can tell the future, but instead you subconsciously observe clues that your brain subconsciously puts together and the only way to subconsciously communicate to you that something is going to happen is to have a song pop into your head. You're glimpsing timelines bud. That's how it is. 5d earth and all that Best advice I can give you is work on the “freaking out” part. You don’t want that to escalate. In the moment, in the present, relax. “The Universe” is unfolding for you. You will learn more. Don’t be in a big hurry. Self care is very important. All the things: good food, plenty of rest, getting in touch with nature, relaxation. Asking your angels/spirits/guides (or whatever resonates with you) to help, guide and protect you is also a suggestion. It works for me.

Edit: meditation is worth exploring. It took me heaps of practice. There is no ONE way to do it. If you suck at it when you start, that’s totally cool. It’s like learning to ride a bike. Or a horse.

The “freaking out” part escalated for me and I ended up as an involuntary patient for a month, discharged with a hard core dx. That’s cool. It was a trip, I learned a lot, but it could have been avoided. I lived with a very powerful medium.  She spoke directly to spirits while seeing them with her peripheral vision since she was 3 years old.  

A woman told her about her dream of having an accident in her car at a certain intersection.  She told her to stop going that route.  She did just that.  The accident still happened there with the same type of car the woman saw hitting hers.  

So, the accident still occured, but with a different person instead of her. 

So, ya, I totally get it. This is not as interesting but I had a similar experience recently. I was driving and listening to a song and I zoned out and started hearing Yesterday by the Beatles. After maybe ten seconds the car skipped the song playing in the middle (which never happens though I have a finicky radio) and plays Yesterday by The Beatles. Freaked me out a bit but moreso made me excited. I still don’t have a clue what to make of it now think that your powers will transfer to me and let's see it will happen or not😂 Kundalini syndrome. Check out the kundalini subreddit of Tara Springett on YouTube. You’re not alone. Stay rational. Equanimity is key here Omg weird same things with me. I’m still wondering wtf is it. I don’t know how I feel about knowing shit in advance .. I do the same thing i looked into it its known as the law of manifestation also known as working in the 5th dementin thinking law of attraction look into all the u will see It might just be manifestation. Dk Their are no accidents in the universe, the illusion of choice is just an illusion, you are just like water traveling down the river, u have no option but to flow even if u think u are still, you arnt. Dude! Be careful with your powers. You already made your teacher sick. Better learn how to control it fast before you hurt people! You missed one. People who don’t realize they have these abilities.

Everybody has abilities. Lots of people just don’t know it and won’t develop them Some pretend so that they may fit in here, for reasons of their own. 

Some are only here to observe. Our problems are not their problems.

Some are really what they seem and cannot tell you otherwise.

Then a small minority are here to develop themselves, to help, to pay their debts forward.

If someone crosses your path, you have a choice to make. Help them? Ignore them? Acknowledge them? Say hello to them?  There is no one right behavior that fits everyone. This is where we tend to be blinded by our own light.

Comparison is the thief of joy. This is especially true in sensitive groups, so delay judgement. Or as Ted Lasso says; Be curious; not judgmental. If you truly want to heighten your awareness take what you know and go live in nature for a couple of weeks. Take tools, shelter, and water, but no food. The food you have to be able to get yourself, or know what it feels like to starve. Meditate, focus on pure alignment of your spirit and nature. Nature starts to talk back after awhile. What is 4d or 5d living? What differences are there to 3d? Maybe I didn´t understand the point of your post... Everyone is an average person, in my eyes at least. Spirituality and beliefs are a highly personal choice. No one is forced to be believe anything in a free culture and not all cutures allow people to be free. Imo, it´s wrong to impose any subject that is my focus and belief system on others. As you open up your awareness, it's useful to think of your body as an antennae array that's been idle for a long time, collecting dust, dead bugs, corrosion, bird shit; i.e. all the detritus of life.

Energy systems are energy systems. Power companies in some climates wash the insulators on their high power transmission lines. This prevents the lines shorting out catastrophically during the first rain after a dry spell. All that dust and dirt makes the rain conductive, and energy tends to follow the shortest path to the ground. Explosions and fires tend to follow.

So you have some housekeeping to do. When your antennas are clean, they don't short out when you open them up and some strong energy passes your way. 

Try this. Sit in a chair. Close your eyes. Take a deep breath. Feet flat on the floor. Hands separated and resting palms up on each thigh.

Create a grounding cord. This is a line of energy that connects your first chakra to the center of the planet. Your first chakra is a ball of energy about the size of a quarter that sits just in front of the base of your spine. Your grounding cord attaches to the bottom of that ball of energy.

Grounding makes your body feel safe, so you release energy more easily. Gravity pulls whatever you release, even your own energy, down to the center of the planet. No effort on your part. The center of the planet neutralizes the energy and returns it to whoever owns it. No karma for anyone. A virtuous cycle.

Nearly everyone goes to connect to the center of the planet the first time but stops at the soil, often making roots like a tree. This is a method that is taught in some martial arts styles, but it is not the best option for your spiritual development and healing.

So, notice the seat of your chair. Take a deep breath. Notice the distance between the seat and the floor. Now notice the distance between the floor and the soil below. Breathe.

Now notice the distance between the soil and the water table underneath. Notice the distance between the water table and the rocky mantle. Notice the distance between the mantle and the molten core below that. Deep breath.

Notice the distance between the molten core and the center of the planet. That ball of light at the very center of the planet is where you connect your grounding cord. Deep breath.

Say hello to the center of the planet. Do you get a hello back?

Notice the color and texture of your grounding cord. It may look like a line of energy, or look like something physical; a rope, a wire, a pipe, a tree trunk. Adjust it as needed to be in affinity with your body.

Getting this far means you've already released some energy from your aura and body. Now it is time to fill in the space that was created.

Create a gold sun over your head. Have it call back all of your energy from wherever you left it throughout your day and week. Work. School. Online meetings. Video games. Your fantasies about your future. Your regrets about your past. Wherever you've placed your attention. Just watch the energy come back and see if you notice where it came from.

Have the sun burn up and neutralize your energy. Then bring the sun into the top of your head. It will automatically flow into the spaces you created. Create a gauge to measure when you're full. Like a fuel gauge or oil gauge. You'll run better if you aren't a few quarts low on spiritual oil. If the gauge doesn't read "Full", bring in another gold sun.

Open your eyes, bend over and touch the floor, draining any tension from the back of your neck, then stand up, and stretch.

There is a progression with this technique. After grounding for ten minutes a day for a week or two, notice your grounding cord at the very end, while you're standing with your eyes open. Continue to ground with your eyes open and standing, and bring in another gold sun. Each day, increase the amount of time that you ground standing up with your eyes open.

After a week or two practicing this, add walking while grounded. Just notice your grounding cord as you walk. Say hello to the center of the planet while you walk. Bring in a gold sun while you walk.  If you lose your grounding cord, stop walking and recover it. If you have to, sit back down and close your eyes and create a new grounding cord.

After this, you're ready to take your grounding cord with you into your daily life. Shopping. Getting coffee. Wherever you go, you can ground. This, combined with a little amusement about seeing new things on an energy level, will keep you safe and sound.

Now that you're here, at the end of your grounding meditations, create a gold sun over your head. This time, fill it with your highest creative essence, your present time growth vibration, and your affinity for yourself. The first energy is a healing for you. The second is a healing for your body. The third is a healing for your affinity in your fourth chakra.

Bend over and touch the floor. Stand up and stretch. If you're ready for more, sit back down and ground some more. Otherwise, have a nice day!

Note that every image you imagine, the gold sun, the grounding cord, the center of the planet, your first chakra, your body parts, is exercising your clairvoyance. You may be imagining what your tailbone looks like, but you're also creating the image of your tailbone and reading its energy. This is practicing your clairvoyant ability. Ong! Clairsentience is my main channel and I didn’t realize how it wasn’t super normal to just have all these sensations all the time. In my opinion it really is dependent on your own relationship with spirit and your body. When this happens take a few breaths and turn inwards and feel the feeling and just allow the feeling to be without trying to understand it yet or explain it yet. Just for a a few seconds or however long u need to be calm and present in the moment with it. Notice what this feeling is- pain - hurt - grief - deep , shallow, loud, soft, happy sparkly tingling vibrations warm cold hot harsh calm smooth rough etc etc etc. then notice where in ur body this is happening. Our chakras hold different energetic experiences, so if ur feeling like a sword is going through ur stomach we can see that a violation has occurred in the solar plexus or the sacral. Understand what each chakra holds which information. Then just ask that sensation what it means. I’m always saying ask why and then ask why again and then again after each answer  keep asking. Ur body will tel you. You’re abilities and reception is using feeling as a conduit to communicate to you. Communication is often a two way street meaning we can ask questions too and we can direct answers as well. This will help u better understand your personal
Sensations and what they mean. Like you’ll start to understand that for you light tingling means it’s beautiful or it aligns and a hot feeling means it’s rejecting something etc or whatever actual language your body is using. You could even direct your body too! You could ask that your hands start to warm up if you’re correct or get cold if you’re wrong about something. Just hang out with ur vibrant magickal self and it will just prevent itself to u All I can really offer is how the energy feels... most times it's a subtle tingling sensation (sometimes it feels like it's in my bones.) Sometimes it's sharp and prickly.

Though a jabbing/stabbing sensation is concerning to me because assuming there's no underlying health problems causing it, I interpret it to an spiritual entity trying to latch on (it happened to me once and it hurt when it happened, it also caused a spasm in my back where it latched on, though the pain was very short-lived.) Idk ever since I started meditation I have tingling all over sometimes painful. Whatever, I think everyone is different. I have gotten tingling in my ears when I am supposed to listen to someone.  Tingling in my head when I have certain downloads/realizations similar to the feeling of when you get goosebumps listening to music.  Tiny little sharp pains when I am feeling “backstabbed” by someone’s energy. Eyes feeling sort of cold when I have realizations or “see” something.

I’d suggest keeping a running notes file on your phone and looking for patterns.

Eg- whatever you were thinking about, the sensation and where you felt it. It honestly just sounds like chronic pain, everyone feels pain in their body as they get older. But you might also be feeling other peoples pain. Now that you mention it I might have experienced something similar. 

I've always physically felt emotions, like anger feels like waves, low and kinda burns. Happiness is warm and fuzzy. But I can empathize with people's physical pain and sometimes do it unconsciously. I've had unexplainable pains/shifts happen and disappear as I'm talking or real close to people.

However, never rule out chronic pain as it can be a sign of something in your own body. I would just practice awareness, and ask questions about the sensations when they happen. "Why might I be feeling this? Is there someone around who could be causing this? Etc" You kind of sound like a medical intuitive. Some of us physically feel what the client is going through medically, others just know. If this is the case, grounding, clearing and cleansing your energy body can make a world of difference and great improvement. the only thing I've noticed lately that could be related to your question and I myself have searched to see what it means and can't really find an answer is..I have gotten like a dizzy light headed feeling while doing tarot and not all the time. The other thing lately is my left arm gets tingles and like the hairs on my arm stand on end. I never really had that before until recently. And I feel like it's when spirit is around or something. Anyone else ? You won’t really _know_ what it means without claircognizance. (It doesn’t mean you _don’t_ have it; if you get inexplicable _knowing_, you probably also have claircognizance as well).

You can, however, practice being aware and discerning of the various sensations, as well as practices that senses the energy that generates those sensations, and a shamanic exercise that personifies those sensations in a way where you can (temporarily) interact with it as if it were a person. (With the understanding that there is no absolute truth whether it really is a person or not) You might just be being oversensitive to physical things. Your body and cells are always feeling things. Sometimes they itch other times it's actual pain. Most often the mind ignores them. You might just be paying an overabundance of attention to these sensations. 

Especially if you don't meditate. Ain't no clair nothing if you don't sit. Just an over abundance of physical attention. While I experience all the clairs in varying degrees, clairsentience is definitely my dominant clair. What has helped me the most in learning to understand the messages I get is journaling. I write down what I feel and what happens that might be connected to it. This helps me keep track of details so I don't forget, and helps me see connections between things I may not otherwise have connected. Over time, I have seen some patterns emerge between certain sensations and certain events. Meditation has also been helpful in terms of learning how energy feels in my body and learning to tell my own normal energy vs. something that is coming from outside myself, so you may want to keep working with that, It definitely takes more than a few times to get any benefit out of it. I feel u, I think the most annoying part of development is having to affirm things urself instead of getting answers outside of urself. It's so annoying lol but so true. They do, but what they mean, you have to discover by yourself, because your body is trying to let you know things, but each body has different ways to communicate with the spirit. My recommendation, as it is what has worked so far for me: become mindful of your inner being, observe your feelings, emotions, sensations and thoughts, and notice when they happen simultaneously, as it is a hint on what they may be trying to tell you. There are some archetypal ways of relating parts of the body to symbology and esoteric concepts, those work sometimes too, but exploring your own ways to communicating with your body is the best way to be able to understand what it tries to tell you. They don't for me. 


Except in the instance of telepathic communication. I feel a burning on my skull whenever someone "calls" me. And the location of the burning sensation does vary depending on who is communicating. Sometimes the sensations I get are literal and specific, sometimes they correspond to the chakras mine is a hot feeling on different parts of my legs sometimes near the ankle for a few seconds, started happening just last month and idk what it means or what to do with it That's incredible and it does sound like you've been given a gift. You're probably in shock now qnd taking it all in. When my ex husband died suddenly 5 years ago, I had an episode of 'heart' pain, not cardiac pain, but in the middle of the sternum... It took my breath away and I knew something happened in my family, but I didn't know what. I had to go to work and how do I go about calling people to see if everything is ok?

In about an hour, my phone is texting and telling me there was an accident; do I know how to contact a family member? I had an overwhelming feeling of impending doom. then I get a text from someone who thought I knew...

The exact time I had 'heart' pain was when the acciden happened. This was my ex husband, we don't talk, and I havenot spoken to him except for our daughters wedding.... we were divorced 20 years but on some level we are soul mates.... Honestly I see this loop pattern as means of connecting with you. That there is a cycle with concepts, ideas, events etc that are being stuck on replay almost as if you "missed" them so it's like a ok let's start again kind of thing. But with the last part with the paralysis I get the indication that it is almost as if there is a lag between the connections due to the vividness of the dream state, that it is as though your body takes a bit to get back into a fluid state in the current. Almost as if it is catching up with the fact that you became aware but you haven't settled into your body in the current connection state that its as though there is a lag. If that makes any sense. If you message me I can describe what works for me when that happens. I also think with this specific phenomenon you would get more help posting in r/mediums Something like this happened to me last night. It was like a dream within several dreams. Sleep paralysis. Your body freezes your muscles when you sleep so you don’t sleepwalk; some folks (like my dad) also have awoken before it wears off (and y’all can’t move for a spell) I have this!! Everyone I've mentioned this to just says its Dejavu and my brain tricking me, but I genuinely dream of things and then days later, maybe even a week or 2, that exact thing happens and I get this weird feeling pass through me. I have super vivid dreams at times and often remember details or even the whole dream including bizarre transitions when I wake up.

Example: I recently dreamt of me and my parents sat in a cafe talking about a particular thing and sat in a particular configuration. The next weekend I go for coffee with my parents and don't really notice until the exact same words and phrases are said, the same hand movements etc I have this as well and it's so crazy, it's been happening a lot more frequently. Everyone thinks I'm crazy but it's comforting knowing I'm not the only one. Mine is similar, I dream sometimes about the exact thing I’m going to do tomorrow, a little different to yours but similar but I think it’s coz I’m always thinking about my day ahead.

Sometimes it’s happened to me that what I’m doing I’ve already done the exact thing before and I’ve dreamt about it but I don’t fully remember. The opposite happens to me, I see snippets of the past. Small bits of memories from infancy through toddler age. When it first happened it was extremely disorienting when I woke up because I didn't know it was a resurfaced memory yet but knew the dream was "real" and was confused how I just went from being a year old to seventeen. 

I wonder if this is in any way related to what happens to you. Somehow you're picking up on your future memories... It's called deja reve. I've had it too. I have had issues with pendulum work in the past. A few "pointers" (pun intended).

1. Energetically cleanse your pendulum often. There are many ways to do this, I cleanse mine in the moonlight and the smoke from incense but every pendulum is different.

2. Energetically cleanse your space regularly however you normally would.

3. As mentioned by another comment, be sure you are in a neutral frame of mind (answer doesn't matter)

4. Ask your pendulum if you or it needs a break... this happens.

5. Be sure that you aren't trusting your tools over your own intuition.

&#x200B;

I think the biggest obstacle to getting consistently right answers is placing too much responsibility on the pendulum. It's just a "thing on a string," you are the power that makes it work.

I hope this is helpful for you. Using a pendulum you have to be in a neutral state. You can’t have expectations. Because your thoughts are really creating the movement. If you’re overthinking it or trying to “test” the pendulum, it creates dissonance and won’t give you a true answer. This is just what I’ve learned from my own experience though. I’m on a break from using my pendulum bc I had too much dissonance in my being (life circumstances, anxiety, depression) and it was giving me skewed results. Cleanse it by burying it on the earth/soil overnight. This works like magic ;) The way I see it is, the knowledge isn't in the pendulum, it's in ourselves. Call it energy or vibrations or whatever you please, but the answers I get from my pendulum come from deep inside myself. The pendulum is just a shortcut for going deep. Once you have established the meanings of different movements, don't mess around with your questions, because you are messing around with yourself. Agree with others about cleansing and reprogramming with a purpose of tapping into the higher self and desiring truthful answers prior to starting. I’ve had this problem but usually happens with a particular pendulum, I realized it had moonstones on it and was helping me better understand my desires and emotions that can be hard for me to identify, as opposed to tapping into the ‘truth’ of a given matter. Different pendulums tend to answer different questions for me. But if you are particularly attached to this one, cleansing it it a good idea. Be sure not to use water though if it contains any crystals that degrade when wet. Smoke and moonlight or selenite may be a good place to start - I like to program so that all built up energy is shed but the connection or properties that make it work so well for me are maintained (as opposed to a cleansing that strips it of everything). "Energy Work" by Robert Bruce is a good primer for learning how to harness one's ESP imo.. The 'legitimate' resources are the ones that work for you. Psychics are not all the same. We came in this lifetime with different strengths and plans. One common piece of advice that is often very useful is to begin "with what resonates with you". What does that mean?

You every seen someone on the other side of the street and had this strong desire to walk across to them and say hello? That's resonance. The opposite affect is called dissonance. You see them coming and you want to run away.

Books, websites, youtube videos, in person seminars, each have a distinct vibration. Some of those will resonate with you. You can walk into a New Age bookstore, run your hand along the spines of the books on a shelf until you feel like stopping, then take out that book and just hold it in your hand. How does it feel. What does it make you think about. Does it resonate with you.

In the meantime, you can practice the following. It will enhance your ability to feel that energy in the books, or any other energy and place.

Try this. Sit in a chair. Close your eyes. Take a deep breath. Feet flat on the floor. Hands separated and resting palms up on each thigh.

Create a grounding cord. This is a line of energy that connects your first chakra to the center of the planet. Your first chakra is a ball of energy about the size of a quarter that sits just in front of the base of your spine. Your grounding cord attaches to the bottom of that ball of energy.

Grounding makes your body feel safe, so you release energy more easily. Gravity pulls whatever you release, even your own energy, down to the center of the planet. No effort on your part. The center of the planet neutralizes the energy and returns it to whoever owns it. No karma for anyone. A virtuous cycle.

Nearly everyone goes to connect to the center of the planet the first time but stops at the soil, often making roots like a tree. This is a method that is taught in some martial arts styles, but it is not the best option for your spiritual development and healing.

So, notice the seat of your chair. Take a deep breath. Notice the distance between the seat and the floor. Now notice the distance between the floor and the soil below. Breathe.

Now notice the distance between the soil and the water table underneath. Notice the distance between the water table and the rocky mantle. Notice the distance between the mantle and the molten core below that. Deep breath.

Notice the distance between the molten core and the center of the planet. That ball of light at the very center of the planet is where you connect your grounding cord. Deep breath.

Say hello to the center of the planet. Do you get a hello back?

Notice the color and texture of your grounding cord. It may look like a line of energy, or look like something physical; a rope, a wire, a pipe, a tree trunk. Adjust it as needed to be in affinity with your body.

Getting this far means you've already released some energy from your aura and body. Now it is time to fill in the space that was created.

Create a gold sun over your head. Have it call back all of your energy from wherever you left it throughout your day and week. Work. School. Online meetings. Video games. Your fantasies about your future. Your regrets about your past. Wherever you've placed your attention. Just watch the energy come back and see if you notice where it came from.

Have the sun burn up and neutralize your energy. Then bring the sun into the top of your head. It will automatically flow into the spaces you created. Create a gauge to measure when you're full. Like a fuel gauge or oil gauge. You'll run better if you aren't a few quarts low on spiritual oil. If the gauge doesn't read "Full", bring in another gold sun.

Open your eyes, bend over and touch the floor, draining any tension from the back of your neck, then stand up, and stretch.

There is a progression with this technique. After grounding for ten minutes a day for a week or two, notice your grounding cord at the very end, while you're standing with your eyes open. Continue to ground with your eyes open and standing, and bring in another gold sun. Each day, increase the amount of time that you ground standing up with your eyes open.

After a week or two practicing this, add walking while grounded. Just notice your grounding cord as you walk. Say hello to the center of the planet while you walk. Bring in a gold sun while you walk.  If you lose your grounding cord, stop walking and recover it. If you have to, sit back down and close your eyes and create a new grounding cord.

After this, you're ready to take your grounding cord with you into your daily life. Shopping. Getting coffee. Wherever you go, you can ground. This, combined with a little amusement about seeing new things on an energy level, will keep you safe and sound.

Now that you're here, at the end of your grounding meditations, create a gold sun over your head. This time, fill it with your highest creative essence, your present time growth vibration, and your affinity for yourself. The first energy is a healing for you. The second is a healing for your body. The third is a healing for your affinity in your fourth chakra.

Bend over and touch the floor. Stand up and stretch. If you're ready for more, sit back down and ground some more. Otherwise, have a nice day!

Note that every image you imagine, the gold sun, the grounding cord, the center of the planet, your first chakra, your body parts, is exercising your clairvoyance. You may be imagining what your tailbone looks like, but you're also creating the image of your tailbone and reading its energy. This is practicing your clairvoyant ability. Idk about "chosen ones" exactly, but it depends of it's one of your active abilities, if it's not, you can still try, but it would be more challenging. 

This is an exciting time for humanity tho, and there are lots of people who will have crazy powers/abilities. There are already people that uses telekinesis/teleportation and so on, just because they don't flash it around doesn't mean they don't exist. They have to be wary, it isn't good to attract attention.

You have to completely set your mind to it, believe it, relearn it. You have to unlearn certain programming, do lots of meditations/visualizations and so on. [deleted] People don't start off good at science, they cultivate their scientific mind over years. Nobody starts off in life good at computers, they learn how to use them and cultivate that skill. We are all the same animal more or less. We have basically the same hardware starting out in life, it's just a matter of where you  decide to focus your attention. There are of course going to be outliers with natural talent but generally speaking I think tk can be cultivated. To me tk is easier than other "psi" stuff like remote viewing but I only say that because I just realized I could do tk last week and have no remote viewing experience. I believe anyone who is willing and committed can learn either skill. It’s a muscle but some people are more gifted because they’ve practiced it for centuries. I don’t know what muscle it is I think it’s near the back of the brain No, it’s not for “chosen ones”. It’s just like any other muscle in the sense that you have to put in a lot of effort -A LOT- before you go from slightly shaking an object to moving it slowly across the table to levitating it. It’s a function of intention and endurance of focus, and certainty but I can’t figure out how certainty matters, yet. Intention refers to the amount of energy you put out. Energy is the potential to do work, and the work the mind is able to do on matter expresses energy in the form of intention. The variables involved in one’s intention is the degree of focus and certainty, but I don’t yet understand what the exact action of the mind is that is required to  do telekinesis. I can tell intention, focus and certainty are important. 

It is not magic, so technically anyone can do it. However, summoning the energy and not becoming discouraged by the so-called impossibility is a huge psychological achievement. from a personal first hand experience, no. ain't no such thing as " chosen " ones. waste enough time and dedicate to spiritual practices, you'll be onto something. I’ve definitely had a lot of moments like that lately. I did some research and a lot do shamanistic and spiritual people call it “divine flow”.  Being psychic is taking in more information about your surroundings then other people. Some people are born with the gifts but never become curious about how it relates to all of the universe or other ways to push the boundaries of reality. Other people have a spiritual awakening and then suddenly realize that they have had abilities all along but they were suppressing them.  This was me. The thing about a spiritual awaking is that there if you keep your mind open all of it is now open to you - manipulating energy, mediumship, precognition, remote viewing, manifestation, telepathy, etc. The key to all of this is meditation. When I started to piece it all together how the paranormal is all connected via consciousness I realized that there have been many times where my husband and I would get to a hotel room and it would just feel “all wrong” and I would make him get us new rooms. There was one time in Flagstaff that we couldn’t get a new room so I went out and slept in the car it was that uncomfortable. When I mentioned this to someone on one of the psychic subreddits they recommended a book to me that is and was a game changer Managing Psychic Abilities: A Real World Guide for the Highly Sensitive Person by Mary Mueller Shutan. This isn’t a book for wanna be psychics. This is a book for people with abilities that need guidance for managing them and growing them. She teaches “spiritual hygiene” and discernment. I can’t recommend this book enough. Yes, synchronization is a strong indicator that you are aligning on your life path. Once it starts happening it will continue to happen and you will be able to use it to fuel your growth. In doing so you will likely see an increase in psychic abilities. I only recently developed psychic abilities due to healing work. Heal yourself and you will be able to connect into universal energy which is how most with extra sensory abilities are able to do it. I feel that way sometimes. I've always considered myself to be hyperaware of my surroundings and somewhat of an empath, but I've never really had any aha moments. I'm also close to synchronicity with time. Sometimes I ask my guides and family members to send me specific numbers when they want to communicate. Wooooot!!!!!! So cool and fun for you! Your life is about to get weirder and weirder! Lol. Synchronicities are really common in like big drives when u first start to open up and become aware of your relationship with spirit( or whichever way you want to call it). Meditate and definitely keep an intuition journal and record these experiences. This in itself is huge and will help a lot. The whole aspect of accepting and validation of these experiences is what is important. I’ve heard it called the pyschic child before, and by validating that you’re in fact listening to your inner psychic child , such as recording these things and stuff you are  strengthening her voice and then it starts to get louder and louder and the universe is like yay! Someone’s in the other line I’m gonna keep talking! One fun thing to do is to practice manifesting something small. My favorite and most intense experience with this was with peacocks. So like just make the intention to see peacocks and believe it’s gonna happen. Don’t try and plan to see them or get discouraged if you think it’s been too long and you haven’t seen them yet, just accept that peacocks are gonna show up for you and get excited. Like u can’t wait. The universe is creative so it will probably come kn an unexpected way which is so much fun. It took me like two days maybe and then I was invited over a friend of a friends house after hours from a bar and her entire basement was filled with like a hundred different peacock images and statues and stuff. It was so cool! It was only when I stopped like aggressively looking for them but didn’t diminish that it would happen that bam! It showed up and showed up big! Lol. There’s a lot of fun ways you can exercise them. Memory and focus games are good too because these abilities do require a certain amount of focus and memory so just doing that alone will help. Also you can write a number down at the beg of ur day and see if it shows up a lot
For u. Or ask
Spirit to show u repeat numbers to communicate with you. Have fun!!!! It’s called the [Baader-Meinhof Phenomenon](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Frequency_illusion) .

Simply put: once you pay closer attention to something common (watching a bird or bike near your car), you begin to notice it or mentions of it more often. The universe is chaotic and random, and things like this are more common than you think. 

The people around you are just as aware of their surroundings as you, their lives just as vivid as your own. Everybody has a complicated story, and anyone can predict the future occasionally if they make enough random predictions. Actually I think I might have just been what’s called hyper focused Sounds like precognition, similar things have happened to me. Or it could have been a guide directly you to do that so you wouldn't get hurt. I have this. I can drop something that I'm holding and then catch it while it's falling down. It happens a lot I feel like I only lose energy while masturbating if I watch pornography while I’m doing it. Being present and using my imagination instead seems to be more enjoyable. But I really try to only do it when I have the urge- not just compulsively like I used to. It seems to regulate my sexual energy if I only do it when I actually feel the need. Sometimes ya gotta release The actions does not unbalance the centres, it is the thought processes behind the behavior that unbalance them. The unbalance is caused by the astral entity that are attached to the physical body rather than the physical body and outer actions, causing the unbalance. No. Porn addiction might. I don’t know about all this unbalance talk. Like where are you becoming unbalanced from? They’re energy centers and channels; I much prefer to talk about it in terms of blockage, flow and distortion. 

That being said, masturbation can actually be used to channel sexual energy throughout your whole chakra system. It’s amazing and if you’ve not tried it, I strongly suggest you do. Through this process, it can actually be used as an energy clarifier and enhancer. It can be intentionally used to unblock blockages. 

That being said, it isn’t always used this way and that can cause a lot of distortion and with enough of a rigid practice, can create blockages. I like to think of thoughts and intention like waves in a pool. When new thoughts come through, they create a ripple effect of other thoughts and feelings. Masturbating is highly energetic and can amplify these ripples. So a focus on something you view as shameful could cause a lot of big shameful ripples that can interfere and block and direct your thoughts, energy and action in the future. A focus on something beautiful and sensual and connecting and wholesome could have entirely different results. Who’s to say if it’s balanced or not, but it is intentionally choosing where your energy is directed and the affect it has on you. Not the action of it, is the thought about that, which is a red flag about our sexuality.

That person should have a trauma related or programmed into religions (another red flag) which causes at the same time some trauma For a man i think after release the first chakra is stressed out unbalanced for a week, because it takes a lot of energy to create semen Regular and unnecessary masturbation could. Masturbate only when necessary. Don't make it a habit or get addicted to it. Also, practise no fap once in a while atleast which will increase your self-control and also enhance your spiritual powers. ELL O ELL i think so. Yes it can unbalanced the chakra. Especially it cause Agya Chakra (The Third Eye) and root chakra(mooldhara chakra) deactivation. No but it increases dopamine No it’s good for that chakra From my understanding, semen is the most potant form of life force energy. It literally creates life. Im not too sure about chakras but it can drain you of chi There was an idiot who used to tell me mastrubation causes loss of spiritual power means ability to connect with divine. 🤦 yes. most definitely. you're abusing your sacral chakra, making it unbalanced. this will throw off your overall chakra energy since they will send energy to that chakra to heal it, but in return they'll have less energy. cut off all websites/thoughts that invoke lust. it is harmful. No if its in healthy ammount.

But overall if you are guy and you are ejaculating then you are losing a loooooot of energy. YES. In multiple ways. From what I understand, left ear is internal energy shifts (changes in your internal vibrational state) while right ear is external energy (contact from the other side, etc) Could be spiritual, could be tinnitus, or high blood pressure too. Rule out the medical causes first! I get the same thing and I've assumed it to be the presence of a spiritual entity making itself known to me (for what reason I don't know.)

Perhaps the same is true for you? First, get hearing checked, as tinnitus can indicate hearing damage So I'm not the only one? Left ear too, it's virtually permanent, and started when I had my awakening. Or.. I first noticed it some time after that, I should say.

Closest thing to an explanation that i could find is, spirit is trying to send me messages, only, unfortunately my "antenna" isn't calibrated properly. Maybe just a tinnitus without any psyshic cause. I have it in both. It could just be natural, like mine. 

The hardest part after experiencing some high strangeness is to differentiate normal from paranormal after the experience. The best idea is to think normal 1st. Does anyone ever have the feeling that your ear is opening up? Hard to explain but in some moments, it feels like my ear is trying to listen more. Hopefully it’s spiritual and not tinnitus.  I suffer from Tinnitus and it started as an occasional high pitch noise in the ear and then eventually graduated to all the time For the last week both of my ears have been ringing none stop Tinnitus First rule out tinnitus or anything medical. 

If it's spiritual perhaps spirit is communicating and you just can't hear the message..  yet. 

If you're not practicing meditation already, it's the best way to quiet the ego mind. The more quite your mind the more clear "reception", for lack of a better word, you'll have. It won't happen over night just keep at it. i have something similar happen to me but instead it sounds like its in my brain and if i focus on it i can keep hearing it until some other noise distracts me or i stop focusing i dont know what it is tho It's like listening to the electrical signals of your brain. (in the case where it is not tinnitus) I have experienced it myself. Was reading earlier on Twitter an empath says our vibration frequency has been changing and we will get through this and be better then ever. Ready for ascension Sounds like a toothache, I’d hit up a dentist Rule out medical causes first.

Maybe spiritual. Sometimes one of my ears clogs up and rings for a minute or two and stops.

Other times it feels like my head is under water, it's clogged, I can hear myself and it goes away when I flip my head down. Trying to rule out medical issues first. Left ear ringing is a warning For me it has started when energy beings started listening and talking (against my will) to me. I read a book of a famous occultist of the last century saying that it’s the effect of an hole in the energetic body we all own. Unless legit tinittus. Yes some form of communication is against you or coming from your left side psychically, or both. Legit real. Some will be skeptical but enough anecdotal experience and proof in my life to know now. That you have tinnitus It could be a spirit trying to communicate, I usually get it in my right ear accompanied by physical sensations like chills and cold breeze on my arms. From my understandings the left ear is not a trustworthy contact It likely means your ear is ringing. You have tinnitus. Go see a doctor? The twin flame concept is only used to term what is an extremely spiritually catalytic relationship. This sounds a lot like my experience I had the kundalini awakening and then TF recognition shortly thereafter. The "telepathy" can be pretty upsetting I agree but the point is in spirituality that all things r within. While it's possible that she is sending u messages through astral or ether, it is fact that you are reacting to them in a certain way. (She may not be even doing it on purpose, it's possible, but it's also just as likely that she's receiving messages and projection from you too.) The point is to use all the pain, negative feelings that come up to identify triggers, transmute that and ultimately grow through it. 

In my journey, this is the only way to change the TF dynamic and shift out of the chaos. It is not easy but extremely rewarding. Like TFGemini said, you cannot "cut" the cord. Imagine u two r dogs walking on the same leash fighting for lead yeah it's annoying as fuck. But you are attached. This is the soul contract. The only way to shift is for one of you to move "up," and lead the other. Establish dominance per-se. Energetically of course. There can be no ego in this space it is extremely raw and difficult but this is why the TF journey is a major blessing even when it feels like a straight up demon witch curse. 

My advice- go within. Best of luck to u. I recommend moldavite (it's extremely protective and will assist you on your journey). Everything is energy and look into the law of attraction. Eventually once u both r in the same place then union may become possible IF thats what u want and for many this is a decades long lifetime journey. As spiritual ascension should be I have not found a way to block this type of communication. Most who are skilled in it are polite enough to disengage if you ignore them.


I have however, learned to creatively tell people to leave me alone. If I really don't want to speak with someone, or be observed by them, I SLAP them. I just create with intention, an automatic bitch slap any time they connect to or attempt to observe me. A slap so hard that it's "audible" to me. This also serves as a sort of intrusion detector, lol


Or you can envision her peering at you through a door or window, and slam it shut in her face.


If she persists, try envisioning your internal energy, pushing outward from you, to force her away from you. If she still persists, push her away with the force of like a small blast. Is the telepathy upsetting?

If so, you have every right to block it out.  Try clearing your mind/meditation first.

You can do chord cutting, and it doesn’t have to be painful. 

If she is actually your Tf it’s not so much a chord but rather you are the same soul.  And that’s not something that will change: many TFs do not come into union in a particular life time, or do so briefly. You can support each other energetically without need of a 3d relationship if that is not your desire.

You have free will and can shut off the connection, even if it’s “real”

But there are also false twins, or other hijacking that can occur. 

“ I am a sovereign being, and by the power of the god that I am, I do not consent to receiving messages from this being, entity, group or program” ( that will cover that person, or any other interference that could be on the line sending messages over the connection)

Try energetic chord cutting, there could be something from her heart to your navel (unhealthy) I like to visualize and literally “cut” with my fingers as scissors around my navel, and heart. You can also try cutting literal rope in a ritual. It doesn’t matter how you do it, it’s the intention.

You can call upon your guides, or if you align with the arch angels invoke them by name and visualize a sword made of energetic light.
 (no, they are not Christian in nature- I’d argue they were around long before and are ready to assist) First off, if these voices are telling you to do harmful things to yourself or to others, seek the assistance of a proper doctor.

Second thing, try shielding. I doubt this is a twin-flame thing (though it's difficult to discern if this is a vampiric attack) and if this connection is harmful, a cord-cutting ceremony ought to work.

Reason I don't think this is a twin-flame connection is that this connection is causing you distress and potentially harming you. Your twin-flame wouldn't do that (a decent human being wouldn't do that. Just sayin'.) The Kundalini awakening or as it's known in Buddhism; The Arising and Passing Away, released a ton of pranic energy, makes conscious awareness jump an octave of reality and can lead to powers. Because of the amount of energy you have at your disposal, the ability to manifest trajectories can be so forceful it can feel hard to control, like a powerful magnet that rushes and pulls towards anything shiny it wants or contrasts into fear. This insight stage is immediately followed by the stages of Dissolution, (which is the entrance into the Dark Night of the Soul), followed like clockwork by Fear, Misery, Disgust, Desire for Deliverance, Reobservation, and then Conformity Knowledge which spits out wide and cool and flowing into equanimity. 

The reason for this is because awareness is still in a dualistic pulse phased relationship with reality meaning ego is pulsing between figuring out what sensations in the field of awareness are you, and where is everything and everybody else. The A&P bursts that illusion by showing you unifying vision of reality and oneness but it's only a partial view because you see yourself as the center. This is a peak and profound move toward Enlightenment but for full enlightenment the illusion of a center point begins to be broken up.  So the Dark Night of the Soul are incredibly important insight stages where you acclimate to the sensations of non-duality which at first can feel terrifying and out of control. 

The first thing you should know is you are safe. Because you are not Lumpy-Ad's body or mind. You are awareness and Lumpy-Ad is within you. The Dark Night begins breaking that over identification with Lumpy-Ad. 

It might start with a twin flame and later everyone and everything is that tethered because there is no such thing as anything that is separate from awareness. The key is shutting down the ego mind before that happens so you move through life in perfect fluid zoning and watching thoughts go by. Or where thinking is not automatically felt to be the same as your volition. 

I'd strongly suggest reading Daniel Ingrams free book mctb.org where he goes into great detail about the Kundalini / A&P. 

The strategy is no matter how strange or terrifying these concepts feel you must note the sensations and thoughts aren't permanent (as in they flicker). If you can notice your fearful thought about twin flames flickers like frames of an old movie theater, then it breaks up the pranic energy you are feeding it and you won't tunnel into them. 

lmk what you think about these materials: 

https://www.mctb.org/mctb2/table-of-contents/part-iv-insight/30-the-progress-of-insight/4-the-arising-and-passing-away/

https://www.mctb.org/mctb2/table-of-contents/part-iv-insight/30-the-progress-of-insight/5-dissolution-entrance-to-the-dark-night/ Have you confirmed these conversations with her directly? 

You don't have to believe in TF to enjoy the intimacy provided by your connection to her. Just think of it as being really close to someone and being glad for it. 

What if you can never, ever, have this connection with anyone else for your entire life? What if you will never be this close to someone again? If it was me, I'd make the most of it right now and be glad that I can be so close to someone like that. it really depends om the type of connection, I know a person that I have a telepathic.energetic link with, I am unable to cut the cord with them as we seem to have a contract of some kind, but I was able to negotiate the contract & I have been setting many energetic boundaries in place to keep them out of my energy & space. that meant laying low on social media, & cutting out a lot of mutuals. the situation is annoying & tricky & I just dont have the time or energy to negotiate or communicate with this person spiritually right now. its just to much. you can telepathically tell her to leave u alone, take salt baths, do cord cutting & energetic shielding work. look into crystals for protecting your mental, emotional & energetic space. I am having the exact same experience without kundalini awakening. I mean not the “twin flame” thing, but some entities talk with me with only triggering topics in order to drive my life where who sent them asked them to. The entities can perform any voice and can make up any sound in my head. When the phenomenon started I was also hearing constantly a little whistle in my hears. By reading some books on psychic attack and protection from them I discovered that it’s the typical way we perceive the hole in our energy body created by those beings in order to communicate to us. Another important things is that in order to nail down the force of your energy body, someone (usually the attacker or one of them) will try to let you have emotional traumas or to install in you behaviors that will lower down your personal energy and self confidence. 

I am almost sure that if you look at happenings and the people around you, you’ll find clues about who may have triggered this situation.

Another way to spot who generated the issue is to think who will earn or is earning something desirable from your condition. Another way to tell this thing is where the money goes or who is taking advantage of you emotionally or in any other way. 

In my case their way was distracting me while they were taking from me all that they could! Be careful and find a trustworthy person who can help you.  

I have to tell you, by my side in 3 years I didn’t find one. People mostly have taken money from me without solving the issue they where asked to. 

I apologize for this negative viewpoint, but this is my experience and if it can help someone I am glad to share it. If what I said doesn’t make any sense for you, again I apologize, but just ignore it. 

Thanks for your sharing 🙏🏻 This doesn't sound like a twin flame to me! It could be SHE feels you are her twin-flame...

You can tell her energy 'no' with love.  Just like, have a heart-to-heart and let her energies know, even if it were true and you are her tf and she yours, you are not ready for that connection with her and she needs to respect your boundaries. Trying to force your submission to her belief through psychic attacks is really un-cool and causing you a lot of issues in your healing.

Something like:

I am so sorry.  Please forgive me.  I love you.  Thank you.

(The purpose of this is that any residual ties to the person drop because you've taken responsibility for your energy and acknowledged it's power by addressing other souls and beings this way, with love and respect-that harbor some type of emotional or other tie to you, we free ourselves and them at the same time). You need to meditate then make your intention clear that whoever or whatever is mentally telepathically communicating with them you want to close the connection off. Set the intent first, then sit and be the observer of the perceiver viewing the perceived. Try to have no thoughts. Doing this will dedicate all your energy to the will you intended and naturally it will work. Have no doubts. You can create anything. Get creative if you’d like visualize some sort of shield and program that shield with a intention of whatever it is you desire for example blocking the specific person from getting thru Can’t block it. I tried. You can ask your guides for help. Mines told me they’ll give me a break but it’s part of the process. You can’t run from your TF. You are one. The universe will constantly remind you. I remote view almost every day. Twin Flame journey is extremely difficult because you are essentially the same soul in two separate bodies. 

The sensations and feelings experienced are individual, intense and require a lot of soul and energy work on oneself.

However, a decent human being should lift you up and encourage you to be your best self. It is possible to have a twin flame connection with a toxic person and that's our choice to decide what we want for ourselves.

You can set boundaries and protective measures. Ask your guides and spiritual resources for help. Could be true. 

But does it sound rational that you are really communicating with a girl that likely barely remembers you from high school? Does it even seem remotely possible that she is putting this much effort into attacking you? It's so far from reality that you must logically see that?

If you don't then that's likely an indication of the issue you are currently facing.

The Djinn will deceive and attack those that are open and susceptible. They will lie and feed off of you, it's the laws of nature, you are easy prey, your vessel is corrupted. Are you highly empathic? People do this to me as well. They say things like: I've never told *anyone* this, you're so easy to talk to, I don't know why I'm telling you this, etc.


Even strangers on the street will start talking to me and end up crying about how their Dad died last November or something.


For a long time I imagined that I had a flashing neon sign above me that said: tell me you deepest secrets and painful stories. Some people are just like that to be honest. They don't feel comfortable talking about these things to people in their lives so they spill to strangers. Maybe you're a great listener! Or you have good energy and people trust you What is your rising sign? Do any planets make aspects to it? I’m the same way. People tend to spill some of their darkest secrets to me and then they freak out afterward and beg me to stay quiet. They always say they don’t know why they told me those things. Sheilding helps a lot You can put salt around your doors, windows any openings. 
You can put up a huge wall of white light with the help of guardians or angels in order to block. 
You can reflect any energy or dissolve it in a field. What does it mean, someone getting reads? Visualize yourself in a protective light or warmth and ask your guides and other spiritual resources to protect you. You can say it out loud and/or pray if that is your thing. 

I listen to cleansing/protective meditation vibes. One time I put something to ward off dark energy and that night I dreamed of being choked by an evil spirit... I have no idea what this means but I'm keeping my positive energy. This sounds more psychological to me than metaphysical.  To me, it sounds like because you have an abuse background that you're always looking for that sense of home and belonging, which you didn't have.  People associate strong senses of loss with certain things.  You may want to look at the notion of["trauma bonding"](https://www.domesticshelters.org/articles/ending-domestic-violence/what-is-trauma-bonding?gclid=EAIaIQobChMImvucl6zW-AIVHfbjBx1ifwBeEAAYAyAAEgLCnfD_BwE).  That's more of what it sounds like may be going on. I know exactly what you mean! When I was growing up we moved around a lot, now that I'm an adult myself I've also moved a fair deal myself. I still feel connection with all the places I've lived, though some more than others. I still frequently dream about these old houses, and when I read books they're what I imagine the characters living in, and so on.

Recently one of the houses I feel most connected to went up for sale. I only lived there for about three years, when I was 10-13, but I guess those are pretty formative years. I haven't been there in about 18 years, but I want to see it so bad and I'm debating asking for a tour even though in reality I am in no position to buy it. I really wish I had the money to buy it, though.

I don't know if there's anything metaphysical about these emotions, but I do totally get what you mean about that insanely strong connection to a place. You planned it in between lives probably and that's why you had a feeling of it happening 1 and 2: trial and error. 3: the birds were obviously on their way back from the mosque. When you have abilities become apparent it will be obvious. And that bird chorus Islamic prayer. Weird. I have a vague memory of that. As a muslim we believe birds say the prayer.prophet Solomon used to understand bird language I didn’t know people can hear them too there’s a mythical language called the Language of the Birds, only the enlightened can understand (also some ppl in turkey, i think, use it to communicate over distances). 
you know as they come (for 1&2) [removed] Sounds like you encountered a higher being. I've experienced both the "mind tugging" which you describe, as well as *feeling* that something looked at me. 


When you can connect to the metaphysical, sometimes beings wish to check you out. Sometimes they will extend communication and sometimes they simply have a look at you and leave you alone. Sometimes they wish to impart knowledge or information. And sometimes, they're out to mind **** you. 


It can be disconcerting when you first experience this stuff, especially when your only resource is how you feel and instinct. I was the same as you, pushing all of it away from the time I was a teen, by mentally yelling go away, leave me alone. I don't KNOW you! And then I'd crawl right back into my safe cocoon of logic and skepticism, lol


As an adult, I started on a spiritual path and began placing my brain into a meditative state. Reality is nothing like I thought and EVERYTHING is possible with the human mind and brain. It sounds like you did a good job defending and extracting yourself. It seems you may have astral projected. I don't have enough information or knowledge to give you more perspective, but I have read similar accounts and it seems you projected somewhere else. And that's beautiful and very fortunate! If you did Astral project, don't worry, you can't lose yourself and stay there. There is a silver cord that attaches your body to the one that astral projects, and you will always go "back" to yourself no matter how far you go Your ego has to die in order for you to fully open up to the other side.  You merge in a way with the energy flow.  It is like a raindrop landing in a deep body of water. everyone is psychic. some people are born more sensitive than others. just like some people are born with a natural inclination to golf, piano, or singing

you can be afraid if you want. you don’t have to develop any of your abilities. just like you set your boundaries with your aunt that crossed, you can set those boundaries with your self, your abilities, and any other “entities” that you may perceive

it sounds like you would benefit from some self soothing and inner child work around your abilities before deciding what kind of boundaries you would like to set. you always have free will

exploring your abilities is meant to be expansive, empowering and fun

any attempt to explore your abilities with your current perspective clouded by fear may cause more harm than good

think of your abilities like a bottle of champagne

if you shake and agitate the bottle before popping the cork you get sprayed, the walls get sprayed, the ceiling gets sprayed… it’s a mess

if you simply pick it up and open it, you get to enjoy the bubbles

when you get scared just put the bottle down. no one is going to force you to open it It seems to me you already know the answer. You just want someone to give you permission to not believe it. It’s ok to fear what you don’t understand but don’t let it stop you. YES. This happened to me recently too. 

It was very late at night when a friend of mine was talking to me about about her past relationship.

I was kinda passively listening and mindlessly doodling at the same time so I think that kind of "relaxed concentration" helped. She also kept saying that I'd be able to guess who the person was if she told me where the person lived; like because she believed in me so much my guess is we had a strong "connection" during that moment too?

When she said the city, I just INSTANTLY knew the answer. Mind you, the topic of her story was a person I'd never even met/talked to before so imagine our surprise when I was able to give her a name - a full name.

Granted we all went to the same university, but how could I have known exactly who if we both mutually know hundreds of other people that went to uni with us too? Also if I didnt know who this person was before, how could I have associated them with the city my friend mentioned? 

When we both started to freak out, she asked me how I knew and I couldnt give her an answer... All I know was that a name just popped in my head and I KNEW it was correct before I even said it. Hmm. What came to me is that you can pursue something like becoming a mentor, or a life coach. Have you ever considered that? 

Then people would come to talk to you. I had a great mentor that taught me so much. He was wise, open centered, and very spiritual.  Anyway, you sound like you'd be good at it Yup happened to me one night after contemplating suicide. I believe it was my higher self just trying to soothe me While I can't give you a direct answer you should know this is an extremely common experience among many many people. Soooo many people report hearing their name called at night or while they have their eyes closed trying to sleep. Good question. I'd like to know the answer as well. This happened to me once very clearly. I was in a dark time in my life and utterly alone and absolutely nonspiritual. It made me perk up like a tiny spark It could have been an astral journey where you were having an interaction with someone and being so close to sleep made it easier for you to perceive and remember.

Also it could have been someone "pinging" you, names can be used to create a connection with someone psychically and are sort of identifying terms. My angel number is also 44, it has guided me many times at risky periods of my life (with big decisions looming) It's possible this was a [hypnagogic hallucination.](https://www.medicalnewstoday.com/articles/321070)

EDIT: I've had visions/hallucinations during that period of time between sleep and wakefulness. I've also experienced no such phenomena since the house-ward was installed (a system of wards to keep out spiritual beings and other energetic interferences.) So perhaps what you're experiencing is legit and some basic protections ought to help resolve this. Though don't discount the possibility that this is just a hallucination. It could be (which means there's nothing to concern yourself about.) I feel like my spirt guide done the same thing this morning when I did not want to wake up this morning but I accomplished so much to achieve my goal in life.. listen to it! What are you wanting to do or think about what your goals are for the day? Or imagine what you we’re supposed to and forgot what you were wanting to do! I done everything I wanted to today and it was because I got up when I did thanks to my spirit guide ❤️ It usually happens with me. I always hear people calling my name but when I ask them, they either refuse or sometimes, they aren’t even around I would also love some answers to this. It doesn't happen to me too frequently, but when it does, it's hard to forget. There was one night when I was still living at my parents' home (either college days or shortly after graduation) and I began to drift off to sleep in my bed. Then, very closely to my ear, as if hovering over me or coming from inside my ear itself, I heard my mom sternly, and clearly, shout my name. I bolted upright and went downstairs to see what she wanted, but mom was sound asleep 🤔

The most recent was here in my apartment. I began dozing off on the couch and heard a man (again sternly and clearly) shout my name. I was alone so talk about alarming. Sounds like a raising of vibration by letting go of negative things When I first started doing energy practices like this, I was shocked too how I could feel the vibrations!! It was so real!!! And I thought to myself… how did I live 40 something years of my life and not know that energy healing could be so effective and beneficial!! I’m hooked on it!!!! It really is amazing!!! I’m glad you felt it ❤️ Love is the strongest energy in the universe, and next to that is gratitude and forgiveness so you were calling in a very powerful vibrational force into your system. Not unusual at all that you felt that energy. Not every can feel energy like that so enjoy that experience and learn ways how to work with light energy for healing the self and maybe eventually working with others.🤗🥰 Thats just how muscle works Lovely name btw. There’s a few different practices, but grounding and sheilding are the gold standard and easiest to do. Grounding usually takes the form of slow, deep breaths, and being observant of the physical world around you, some people call it “being in the moment”. This gives you a much greater control of energy and emotions. There are some variations that use mantras and visualization, but those aren’t always needed. The second one is sheilding. Grousing gets rid of and stabilizes what’s here, sheilding keeps new stuff out. This has the same principal of deep breathing, but is more of a visualization exercise, imagining yourself surrounded by a white light of protection. Imagine all the things about this light and focus on them, what shade of white is it? Is it cool or warm feeling? Where is the light coming from? Perhaps your chest or belly? This really helps center the idea in your mind and manifest this protection for you Try this. Sit in a chair. Close your eyes. Take a deep breath. Feet flat on the floor. Hands separated and resting palms up on each thigh.

Create a grounding cord. This is a line of energy that connects your first chakra to the center of the planet. Your first chakra is a ball of energy about the size of a quarter that sits just in front of the base of your spine. Your grounding cord attaches to the bottom of that ball of energy.

Grounding makes your body feel safe, so you release energy more easily. Gravity pulls whatever you release, even your own energy, down to the center of the planet. No effort on your part. The center of the planet neutralizes the energy and returns it to whoever owns it. No karma for anyone. A virtuous cycle.

Nearly everyone goes to connect to the center of the planet the first time but stops at the soil, often making roots like a tree. This is a method that is taught in some martial arts styles, but it is not the best option for your spiritual development and healing.

So, notice the seat of your chair. Take a deep breath. Notice the distance between the seat and the floor. Now notice the distance between the floor and the soil below. Breathe.

Now notice the distance between the soil and the water table underneath. Notice the distance between the water table and the rocky mantle. Notice the distance between the mantle and the molten core below that. Deep breath.

Notice the distance between the molten core and the center of the planet. That ball of light at the very center of the planet is where you connect your grounding cord. Deep breath.

Say hello to the center of the planet. Do you get a hello back?

Notice the color and texture of your grounding cord. It may look like a line of energy, or look like something physical; a rope, a wire, a pipe, a tree trunk. Adjust it as needed to be in affinity with your body.

Getting this far means you've already released some energy from your aura and body. Now it is time to fill in the space that was created.

Create a gold sun over your head. Have it call back all of your energy from wherever you left it throughout your day and week. Work. School. Online meetings. Video games. Your fantasies about your future. Your regrets about your past. Wherever you've placed your attention. Just watch the energy come back and see if you notice where it came from.

Have the sun burn up and neutralize your energy. Then bring the sun into the top of your head. It will automatically flow into the spaces you created. Create a gauge to measure when you're full. Like a fuel gauge or oil gauge. You'll run better if you aren't a few quarts low on spiritual oil. If the gauge doesn't read "Full", bring in another gold sun.

Open your eyes, bend over and touch the floor, draining any tension from the back of your neck, then stand up, and stretch.

There is a progression with this technique. After grounding for ten minutes a day for a week or two, notice your grounding cord at the very end, while you're standing with your eyes open. Continue to ground with your eyes open and standing, and bring in another gold sun. Each day, increase the amount of time that you ground standing up with your eyes open.

After a week or two practicing this, add walking while grounded. Just notice your grounding cord as you walk. Say hello to the center of the planet while you walk. Bring in a gold sun while you walk.  If you lose your grounding cord, stop walking and recover it. If you have to, sit back down and close your eyes and create a new grounding cord.

After this, you're ready to take your grounding cord with you into your daily life. Shopping. Getting coffee. Wherever you go, you can ground. This, combined with a little amusement about seeing new things on an energy level, will keep you safe and sound.

Now that you're here, at the end of your grounding meditations, create a gold sun over your head. This time, fill it with your highest creative essence, your present time growth vibration, and your affinity for yourself. The first energy is a healing for you. The second is a healing for your body. The third is a healing for your affinity in your fourth chakra.

Bend over and touch the floor. Stand up and stretch. If you're ready for more, sit back down and ground some more. Otherwise, have a nice day!

Note that every image you imagine, the gold sun, the grounding cord, the center of the planet, your first chakra, your body parts, is exercising your clairvoyance. You may be imagining what your tailbone looks like, but you're also creating the image of your tailbone and reading its energy. This is practicing your clairvoyant ability. stop dealing with them? remove them from your life? you do not need spirituality to remove bad vibes from your life, you need a "balls" only I'm clairaudient. My experience;  I always here Spirit come through using words. Not like a full on conversation, but a few words.

About a year and a half ago I started hearing a very high pitch frequency (not loud, just high pitch). Only in my right ear and only in the early morning hours during my sleep. 
It sounds exactly like ( don't laugh) morse code. It starts around 2:30 - 3:30 AM lasting until I get out of bed. It doesn't keep me from sleeping, but I would like to know why it's happening.

So just to rule out ear or sinus issues I saw my doc who sent me to ear, nose, throat specialist. Doc says all is good & normal except for one change. Apparently my hearing has gotten sharper, My range of hearing has increased greatly outside of what's considered "normal".

I agree. Loud noises, a loud TV, music, power tools, or PA system in a store is the worst. It's pain full to my ears. Unfortunately doc doesn't know why, but knows enough that there is no fix.😕 Apparently this happens to 1 in 50,000 people.

No, I didn't tell him I am clairaudient.  
I hate that I feel I have to hide that part of who I am bc these abilities THAT WE ARE ALL BORN WITH are still not accepted/acknowledged as main stream in society.
But with more & more folks awakening, hopefully in my lifetime, it will be perceived as NORMAL.🙏 When I began my discovery, I Conducted tests with myself and my spirit guides. For Example: ________(higher power/God/etc)  Can you turn it up-just a tad bit more so I can distinguish better? Also, pay attention to what’s going on when your ears start ringing and have a note pad to see if you spot any patterns. Also, don’t be afraid to set boundaries with your gift. “I’m not accepting anymore messages, it’s quiet time, STFU.” 

SN Story: At my old house,this spirit would try to get me to hear her side of the story. Her energy was kind of like Eeyore (sad,pessimist,depressed) and she would come in… WHILE IM DOING THE DISHES 😡I said 🗣B**** don’t come in here with that. No, I can’t help you right now. Just because I’m in the kitchen doesn’t mean you get to rant like that.” 

Hope this helps a bit 😌🖤 It sounds familiar. I guess you need to meditate more to develop it. I had similar meeting but with ben drowned\[related to creepypasta called: BEN DROWNED\] only once,retracted from talking with a thing mentioning ben drowned ever since that event. Also learned that provoking this stuff might not end well. Sleep paralysis is a weird thing. I have experienced it twice and both times were different but equally terrifying. All that to say that it’s not uncommon. I do sympathize though because as it happens you are as if in a movie just watching helplessly. Our brains do not enjoy having rem sleep disturbed and may have caused this episode you’ve experienced. Angel number are signified based on the number. 4:44 is a number that signifies that your guardian angel is with you and is watching over you. This can also be seen as a sign of protection, so if you see this number, know that you are protected. it could be a sign that you need to call on your guardian angel and others for help. So it may mean your guardian angels are listening and are ready to help in anyway, listen to your intuition cause it also may be that a big is coming your way and your angels are with you every step to support and guide you practice divination such as geomancy, i ching, or tarot cards daily to sharpen the skill. then simply journal your experience of psychic prediction in as much detail as you can. as for intent, work on your willpower & restraint from externals. It has been my experience over the last 15 years dealing with precognition that it is a gift that you do not control.  You have to take it as it comes to you.  The only times that I speak up about what I see ahead of time are the events that could harm people.  Unless lives are at stake, it has been my experience that it is best to keep quiet. It's very much possible to learn control of your abilities since you're clearly exhibiting psychic abilities, make it easier to understand in a way you can, study the energies providing insights for predictions and rule out possible scenarios. Either way mentoring and proper research of your abilities is most efficient, since you'll get insights from an experienced diviner who's been in your position You kinda don’t, it comes when it wants, but being grounded and introspection helps you sue that info better You are now becoming awake! Congratulations the world is not at all what you thought it was - it’s a million times more weird and wonderful the n you ever imagined. 

Precognition is one of the things that registered in me first. I had dreams that absolutely came true and I didn’t know how to tell anyone about it.  I also realized I could sense then energy was “all wrong” - so many times we would travel to hotels and I would make my husband change rooms because the room just felt “bad or wrong”. I never let myself really think why! Along the way posting here I found some great help. First - this book is a game changer - Managing Psychic Abilities: A Real World Guide for the Highly Sensitive Person by Mary Mueller Shutan. This isn’t for wanna be psychics - this book is for people who are either just realizing they have ability or know it and want to be able to manage it in their lives. It teaches about psychic cleansing and protection things that are essential now that your are aware that you have some ability. Also once you are aware all bets are off - it has become a spiritual awakening. This means that you shouldn’t pigeonhole yourself as just psychic abilities. Guess what else is real? Magick, Remote Viewing, Mediumship, Manifesting (Law of Attraction), telepathy, energy work, divination, tarot, life after death - it’s all on the table now. You should learn just how far you can go with all of this and keep yourself protected. Each of these has a subreddit with fantastic people that will help you along the path. 

Secondly there is a subreddit called /r/precognition which is very specific to - you guessed it - precognition.  It’s very satisfying to see the the science and other available resources on this topic as well as being able to grow this ability and meet other people with similar stories. Definitely join in on the fun! I want to thank everyone for your encouraging words and advice! I’ve been super confused about this whole thing since last night and have even talked to my mom about it. I feel like i’m ready to explore this world. Thank you everyone so much. [removed] I would not call this an existential crisis. I think you have realized that there's much more to your existence than the body you inhabit. Well done! Wow! Interesting how the stars align sometimes, right? Precognition saved my life in so many ways. I had my first precognitive dream at 21 and also went thru an existential crisis a bit. But I wouldn’t change it for the whole world. The universe is so much more fascinating to me and I wish people only knew the fraction of what they’re really capable of. I have been having reoccurring dreams since I was a child. I can usually tell now at 29 which are authentic and which are coming from a place of ego. Recently I have been magnetically drawn to certain people that I had dreamt about years ago but not met in real life YET. All met in very random, and very specific turn of event type situations that took a lot to get to in the first place (like a last minute emergency work trip to SF on Memorial Day and meeting in a hotel bar that wasn’t serving food, and randomly being approached and talked to for hours when normally people do not approach you?). I’m almost tripped out by it and I’m not sure if it’s because I am being drawn to certain vibrations that are at my same energetic level or if something else is happening but it would sure be nice if we could tell when or if something was worth putting energy into 🤣  i definitely exercise alot of caution when deciphering my dreams and sometimes that means that I will have had the same dream for years before the premonition occurs. Usually they are very close to the event that occurred in real time as well, but I don’t put that together until analyzing afterwards typically. I now keep a dream journal. Highly recommend. i've had dreams come true before, or dreams that didn't make a lot of sense that do weeks/months/years later. I recently had one where my partners deceased father (he died in December, we started talking in April) came to me in a dream and introduced himself. At the time, I didn't know who it was. My partner then told me later on his dad died in December. I looked up the obit, and it was the man from my dream.

i didn't tell my partner about this, as i didn't want to freak them out.

i've also had dreams where dead relatives visit me and we hang out in the dream. i had one not long ago of my cat that passed away, and he let me pet him.

minds are funnt things! Yes, I've had an experience a lot like that, though it wasn't in a dream, it was in a vision I had in a trance.

It kinda makes me uncomfortable to talk about though because it involves someone's last moments. I learned later a few years afterwards that the important details I saw were accurate.

What I can suggest is to relax and do some grounding exercises. I can't give you any pointers on how to control this because I haven't fully learned how to control it myself. how about going to a yoga class? or any class that you would enjoy

when you start practicing these abilities you’ll start attracting others that do or are at least open to the idea

it’s just about meeting new people so meet new people in whatever way it feels right

get to know others, let them get to know you and slowly open up about your practices when you feel comfortable

try not to get attached to anyone as they may very well not be into it and that’s okay!! (not always easy to remember)

what you seek is seeking you and remember that you are the best friend you’ll ever have so be compassionate and kind with yourself! Some shops offer classes or have psychics come in for paid readings. 

Impressive not sure how long it with take for things to get back to normal though. 

A word of advice about these community. Keep your expectations low. Keep your guard up again fraud. There is a lot of it. Especially when money is involved. I normally try to find a foundation or association I have the Edgar cayce foundation near me. My experience with looking at metaphysical shops is that you’re more likely to find covens than an organization. You have a sense of 'that was me,' and 'that explains me' You don't. You can't. Through hypnosis. What you see in your dreams is no actual you. Most often you are only witnessing a reality. One of millions. They can relate to actual reality but usually thy do not. You see many things in dreams, more you don't remember. Instinct Welcome to the wonderful world of having psychic gifts. They're not as cool as people think most times. I get chest pain and am unable to breathe when I get these kind of messages.

Seriously though, if you're interested you can start looking into it and see where it leads you 😊 I’ve definitely experienced this, both at home and work. The only common thing is that it’s always a female voice. Same thing happens to me. Usually before bed or during meditation. Could be beings in the astrals trying to get attention. Have you heard other things besides your name? I have, don’t have an explanation tho I am actually reading a book that provided an interpretation of this experience. It said when you hear your name being called but you look around and no one is trying to get your attention, it could be that someone is thinking of you or thinking of contacting you. I also agree with one of the other replies, it could be an astral trying to get your attention. I'll tell you a story about a day where I was so very frustrated that my emotions spilled into other negative energies. I design and develop software, and in my profession, devs can go from being immensely confident to having a crisis of confidence in a single project. Frustration becomes impatience, which turns into anger and questioning of one's career (short lived [Memes about it](https://www.reddit.com/r/ProgrammerHumor/comments/qe0q5o/i_am_not_a_bipolar_but_a_developer/) ). 

One day the frustration was particularly bad and I was struggling with concentration. It got to me and my wife walks in, sits on my lap. I feal a 'bubble of negative energy' in my stomach and it starts to ease (I physically feel this energy start to 'pop' towards my wife). I stop it because I feel it going into my wife. She looks at me and says 'Its ok, just let it go.'. I let it go and she instantly bursts into tears crying. 

From my experience, it seems you can physically feel someone's emotions, more than our physical laws suggest. The question is can you experience this with random people instead of your life-partner and with less intensity? Stop thinking about them. You're probably in a mild depressive state. I was like that for 8 months after letting go of my narc. Stop pining over those past few good memories you had together. That's connecting you to their energy. Emotional energy like love transcends space and time, so you dont even have to be in the same place or time to connect with someone energetically if you love them. You have to let yourself be sad and grieve their loss. Like that person died. Trust me. Those type of people do not change. Toxic people are toxic because they were brought up that way. That person isnt going to change just for you. Being a narcissist is their natural state. They've probably been that way since early childhood or adolescence. 

Find something to do. Take some classes, find a new side job. Find something that will take up your time and make you focus on other things. that way your mind and heart doesn't always go back to the past. Light exercise does wonders for depression. And cold showers. The cold will make your body release norepinephrine which will counteract the depression. Exercise helps produce dopamine which should help you feel okay for a few hours.

Hope you get better. Love yourself the most. In a year you'll be appalled at what you let yourself go through by being with this person, and you'll be someone that will know and attract better. have def dealt with some narcs & it seems they have strong energetic cords I have had them interfere in my dreams before. lots of showers & epsom salt baths, yes cord cutting also Try and be friends with them, dont fight them anymore, youre not doing too well with your current approach so change your approach, reach out and validate them, make them feel like they dont want to hurt you anymore. Be there friend. when u start seeing more clearly, u may feel anger or resentment, I have experienced that recently. been having things revealed & mourning parts of my life I felt I wasted by over giving to others & letting them cross my boundaries for years. people I dont see or talk to (anymore) but caused me a lot of damage in regards to relationships  & ability to form close bonds. Yes once you see you also see the shadows. Shadowwork is really important at this stage. You need to let it come up search for the root of it and forgive at the root. It may take some time or you even have to do it more than once. Important is to really find the root and forgive the situation and heal.

In zen this is called going to the mountain and it ends with the words „ARIGATOU ZAISHÖ“ which means thank you, illusion

The mountain is a picture for your consciousness. While at its feet the next level of consciousness awakens it then get more steeper until the top you are surrounded by ice and harsh conditions like the final trial of your new consciousness

Once cleared and you placed the stone and cloth ( or cross or whatever you think is your sign) you have achieved a dhyana ( a status of consciousness)

Good luck That could be something unexpressed within you. I have ancestral anger from opening mine but it’s almost at conflict with the peace Im gaining within Bc that’s what’s needed in the world if that makes any sense I'm fighting it, honestly. I feel the anger but I see it as a negative pathway, leading only to pain . Nothing you can do about things that happened even a second ago. All you can control is your present and future. 

I feel anger over many things, including people that simply won't listen but I cannot make them and anger sets me up for personal pain by creating an environment for it to snowball.

Now, if you haven't put these things to rest in your life, then perhaps that's what you are going through. A pathway to forgiveness. Question:"how did you open it?, because I have been trying to open it recently any tips and tricks?"
Thank you. It is important to remain calm and proceed slowly.  It can get stressful sometimes, but the important thing to remember is that the future is not set.  Not everything you see will come to pass, but a lot of it will.  Speaking from experience, the only scenarios where it is worthwhile warning folks ahead of time are when a life or lives are at stake.  If you have questions or need someone to talk to, my dm's are open to you.  You are not alone. If I could add, make sure to look after yourself/energy. Try stay grounded and don't let yourself slip. I made that mistake and it took a long time to rebalance and get back on top of myself.   


It's a gift for sure, but it can turn into a curse if you aren't careful. Trusting yourself, meditation, grounding, all the good stuff will keep you on the right path. Good luck and you can also DM me if you have questions or just wanna chat. May I ask what type of meditation you did? I got a message that I'm supposed to work on my root chakra so I've dedicated my whole week to it. Seeing this when I go on is very synchronistic. I dont see with my physical eye yet.. Your doing great. Keep unblocking the rest of the chakras. one by one. The svadhisthana will guide you and especially the manipura will help you to find confidence in your precognition. 

Once you cleared the heartchakra the upper chakras mostly unblock themselves to the crown. And you can go from there to the higher chakras. Meditation will be your ally in this.

More because it'll help you keep your chill vibes chill. But it'll also give your mind a chance to connect with these visions (though keep in mind, not everything is set in stone.) 11 life path? When I’m around others or if someone else is home with me , i speak with my guides through my mind. After all that’s how I hear them so yes ! You don’t need to speak out loud to them, they hear it all. It takes practice to discern your inner talk from theirs. Sometimes they come across as different voices and sometimes, your own. Then you have to figure out is the energy your or theirs.  I find if it’s your voice, it’s usually a weaker spirit, they can’t quite get enough together to appear different enough. 

Eventually, you can have full conversations and not a word is spoken. Practice and if you aren’t sure, ask them for signs. Maybe things are said in a way you’d never say or different choices of words or accents. 

If you set up an easy yes or no type thing, you can learn to quickly discern. Yes, they hear your thoughts. And they can see through your eyes as well as those of animals. I find that I do both lol if I lose something in my house you will hear Ok guys I can't find it and I have to leave I usually find it and say thank you and leave lol my husband got so used to it he asks me to to ask 😂 lol but I also do have quiet time in my mind with them and as I relax and meditate or listen to music especially if I astral travel they show up where I am and we talk it took me 4 years to form such a great bond but I had to get out of my own way along the way I have taught some of my clients that have become students how to #1 stop thinking 🤔 they are crazy for hearing, seeing, and feeling things, how to talk to their guides in any situation and how to form a tighter bond but you truly have to listen to your intuition and also not be afraid to talk to them some journal, some talk aloud like me at times lol 🤣 and some talk in their minds. Once you stop caring about what the world thinks it will get easier They can read our thoughts but aren't often actively doing so. I find it's best to begin any communication by mentally addressing them to begin a conversation. By name, if you know it but in my experience, they won't tell you their name. I use all sorts of made up descriptive names which I assign to those who won't tell or confirm their names, lol 

Just say In your mind that you wish to hear your guides talking to you

The best time to hear them is when you are sleepy
That's when mine usually talk to me

Your guides have probably already been talking to you but you just don't notice them


When you are sleepy before bed just pay attention to the words you are thinking

Then eventually you will hear words and then sentences that arent your thoughts but your guides communication


I first noticed my guides talking to me in my sleep
I would wake up and realize I was talking to someone

Like I was channeling my guides in my sleep

Now they occasionally talk to me when I'm tired they are very nice and encouraging

On occasion they even talk to me in my waking life but it's rare Yes they can. Any spirit can hear what goes on in your mind. They can also see alot more than we can. Hoped this helped, blessed be❤️ Yes, as long as you’re ok with it. Mine sense my emotions too and will speak to me about my emotional state. They did that a lot after my most recent breakup and it was really healing. Thank you for your reply. Sometimes I feel super aware of "little things " that I know are signs.. like its obvious and clear. Like the ones you mentioned.  I need to keep that in mind. 
I guess another question I would have is what do you call, or explain the "deep need" I feel I have to communicate with something higher? Maybe just loneliness?  If there is anything out there that can describe why one may feel that way, I'd like to know.. I really want my intuition back. I used to have excellent intuition. So I feel a strong desire to get that back and communicate with my higher self & guides.. 
I wonder if theres a way I can understand it better.
I know I'm seeking to grow. Maybe it's just as simple as that. Yes, and memories. Dude your brain is what processes your consciousness, spirits are not living beings for Christ sake Don’t say “I just knew”, say “I had a hunch”. People take that much better.

I’m trying to understand how the CCTV looks into the bathroom… I feel this! It really sucks when you can tell someone has very dark energy and everyone thinks  they're great and that youre weird for not loving them too lol. I also hate it because I can tell when people are talking badly about me :( and a few times Ive definitely felt someone thinking about me sexually. It's taking me years to accept that I have these gifts as well. I feel like I found a lot of answers in non-duality. Put energetic protection around your physical and your astral bodies. Very interesting. However, I believe the group you want is r/astralprojection

This group is very supportive and good for you to stay in as well Some may not know what you are. Perception is different for everybody. Keep in mind that those who can perceive you to an extent are sensitives and practitioners of different traditions. Most would rather not take chances. Sounds pretty interesting and I’d love to hear more about your experience. 

Now, I’ve interacted a little bit with this side of things (hence the username), and usually it’s one of a few things:

1. Beings looking to pick a fight, for sport or out of boredom. Generally a firm no will help them to back down.

2. Less experience beings mistaking you for evil. This seems to be more common as more people discover the astral and are (rightfully) paranoid. Again, be confident and calm. 

3. Energy theives or in general bad beings looking for something to gain. These require a little more work and eventually you’ll need to actively fight back or have good sheilding in place. Having such protections is a good idea regardless, it’s like a repel in Pokémon - keeps the less powerful things you don’t care about away. If you instinctively think that the dent represents strengthen, then that's most likely the answer. Especially if that was your first gut intuitive feeling. I started noticing something like this the more I worked on my body through meditation poses and kriya yoga. A teardrop shaped dent began to form just above and between my eyebrows. I take it as a sign of balance between body and mind. No psychic will be 100% correct, ya know? Psychics read the CURRENT energy they’re seeing, feeling, hearing, etc. We all know the infamous saying that energy can’t be created nor destroyed… but it can be changed. So, I do believe our decisions can change the trajectory of our lives. I’m in no way discrediting her abilities, but be careful with putting a lot of stock in reviews stating how accurate she is. She may be accurate for others, but may not be for you…. even if she has 5 star reviews from hundreds of people. You won’t always vibe with every reader that most people vibe with or vibe with everything they say. 

I also wouldn’t stress about it either. If all else fails, trust your gut. That’s one thing that’ll never fail you. A reading is always only ever the advice & interpretation of someone, in that moment in time, from their unique perspective, filtered through their own bias, judgements and experience. 

We can be wrong. We’re only human and even the best of the best of us can’t be 100% accurate 100% of the time. Sometimes things can be right at the time of the reading, sometimes we just interpret the stuff wrong, but future predictions are even more open to change because so are we. We have free will, and so does everyone else whose actions even slightly impact ours. Future predictions don’t come with assurances or guarantees, because the future is malleable, and therefore should always be taken with a mountain of salt. You may stay on the exact same path but the people whose future will impact yours may not do.

You can change the trajectory of your life, because it regularly changes by your actions & decisions. And as I said other peoples actions change it too. Whatever energies your reader was interpreting in your reading, have changed now. They changed the minute you left, they changed as you were writing this post, they changed as people have replied to you. It’s a butterfly effect. The energies change all the time so the probabilities of your future have changed too, and your reader was telling you about the most likely probabilities in the moment of your reading. If you want something, it’s upto you to make it happen, if you want to avoid something, work to avoid it. The future is yours to shape. 

Just as a footnote, testimonials and reviews don’t always guarantee a good reader. Besides the fact they can be faked, just because someone is a great reader for your friend won’t guarantee they’re a great reader for you either. That saying about being on someone’s wavelength? There’s a lot to that! Not everyone is on the same wavelength and it’s easier to read those who are, and not as easy to read those who aren’t. Not that there’s good & bad wavelengths, just different ones. Think of it as tuning in a radio, some stations you can tune it crystal clear, some you get a lot more static and white noise. 

Only time will tell if her predictions come to pass but if she said you’re going down a road you don’t want to go, take control of things and change your direction. We can only ever give advice, it’s up to the sitter to go and implement those insights into their lives if they want to. There are infinite universes, and infinite possibilities. Some people read the most probable future given your current state, and apparent trajectory. That does not mean you’re locked into any of it. You are the creator, and you have the power to manifest the life that you want. Trust yourself above some stranger you paid $300, no matter how accurate she was about some things. Do your best not to give your power away. Starting now, take steps toward creating the future that you desire. Little adjustments today turn into big shifts down the road. Good luck! Fate is like a code, it is pre-written, but what possibility will play out is  
based on your decision.

I will try to make a parallel between this comment and your reading:  


So mb the psychic got a glimpse that you tend to upvote comments  
and based on that gave you a projection. But you can always make different decisions.

Perhaps your desired future come up when you start downvotes or giving awards   
or replying to comments.

You see the comment will remain here, but what happens with it is your decision.  
It's the same with life. You have free will, every choice changes your future timeline I always tell my clients that I can’t predict the future with 100% accuracy. At the end of the day there is free will and we are creating our own reality. You leave my reading and last minute decide to turn left instead of right and there you have it, a change could occur just like that. 

For this reason I tend to focus my readings on what needs to be done in the now time put yourself on your true path and be sitting in your highest power. My readings tend to focus on healing to get to the place where your future self will be able to make the decisions needed to be in your highest good.

Edit to add I would never tell a client that something is 100% going to happen or not happen in their lives. I am really critical of any reader who does fertility, etc readings for this reason. But everyone is different Don't stress about it. She could be wrong. Or maybe one day you'll decide you actually don't want those things. Or your position in life will change and they won't be important to you anymore. Or maybe she was just sensing that those things would require far more work for you than a different life path. Honestly though don't even stress about it From what you stated she sounds legit. Remember the very best of psychics are usually 80- 95% correct. It's nearly impossible to be 100% correct.

A psychic is a vessel used by Spirit  to bring messages to you. Spirit communicates using symbols, pictures & words the psychic has to interpret the meanings, as they themselves understand, and pass that message onto you.

I recently used this as an example of what I mean.
Spirit used an image of a painters pallette  to relay acknowledging that their person had been remodeling & painting a house.
The psychics interpretation of Spirits message was that this person was an artist, but they were not.

My point is we get bits & pieces, symbols, images or a word and we try to interpret what Spirit is showing us. 
White roses/flowers to Me represents a birth, adoption or new beginings. My psychic friend interprets white roses to mean innocence, pure heart or a passing.

There's not a guide book like a dictionary for psychic interpretation. Spirit speaks to each of us differently using what we will best understand.

I hope that makes sense and is helpful in understanding a bit about working with a psychic. I'm not familiar with most psychics, so I don't know. I used to get annoyed by tarot readings because I didn't like the outcome, but it turned out it was actually for the best and something better would come along. That could be the same for you. Also, don't put too much faith in psychics so they could be wrong and are not always accurate all of the time No one can tell your future with 100% accuracy. You have free will and can make new decisions at any time. I basically just went and did the same thing but it was a bit more costly and she started out strong actually right away talking about what I came to ask her about without having been able to ask it yet. A lot of it was interesting and accurate. 

But a good portion of it, she misunderstood my question and went off on a tangent about the wrong thing so I was discouraged. 

It made me wonder if it’s sorta like the average success of highly trained remote viewers, where they’re getting 60% or more accurate hits but there’s still 40% or less where they miss the target. 

So it makes me wonder a lot about what she said. There was a lot of ego involved on her part, she talked about herself a lot and also charged hourly. So I felt like that added $100 could have been avoided I guess. Left me wondering who tf I had just been speaking to, she left me with the weirdest vibe. I feel we define our future based on the paths that we are shown.  You are free to go on any path so, in my opinion, no one can predict your future with 100% certainty.

Good luck to you and I honestly feel no one knows your future for sure. You shouldn't let anybody tell you what you can and can't do. Do it anyway and prove them wrong. There is no linear set in stone path, there are infinite futures and possibilities, and these potential futures coalesce as probabilities, probable futures based on what you are doing now, but you can change that at anytime, by changing yourself. >How accurate is this?

Were you given a cold-reading? If so that would explain some of it. (Cold reading is a trick that charlatans use to convince you they're psychic. If you're being cold-read, chances are the person is just another charlatan.)

>Can we change the trajectory of our lives based on our decisions and our efforts

One thing I believe is that the future is often not written in stone. There are some events that are bound to happen (which are often just the continued ripples of previous choices/decisions affecting us today) but most of it is in flux.

As in, you can predict futures all you want but there's no guarantee that they'll even come to fruition. The vision being had could be a legitimate vision, but for a different universe (multiverse theory comes into play here.)

It's one of the reasons why I'm cautious about fortelling the future in my practice. Ok so... Think of it this way: you're on a path. There are some forks here and there, and you have to choose one. Your psychic looked at where the forks led, and didn't see the things you want being along any of the paths. 

In this case, to get what you'd desire, you'd have to get a machete and carve your own path to what you want. Basically your psychic is looking at what is available to you, on the paths. What you want is off the path entirely. It's not in your realm. It isn't impossible, it would just be a very difficult journey for you, perhaps even more difficult than it would be for another person. 

Let's say for example, two people want to sing. One is a nobody from a small town who just sings okay.  The other is the child of a famous singer, who also sings okay. The singer's kid has access to things that will help them become a better singer and a parent who can get them some exposure. The nobody has no tools, no way of getting exposure easily, no connections. In this case, the singer path would be easily accessed by the singer's kid, while the nobody would have to force their way there, they'd have to work ten times harder to get the same career, despite having the same amount of singing talent as the singer's kid. A psychic, at the beginning of their journey, would easily see the singer's kid in a future where they're singing for large crowds, and then they'd see the nobody working a 9-5 and maybe singing in a church choir on Sundays. Can it be changed? Probably. Future's malleable. But it would require a massive amount of hard work and sacrifice and goal oriented planning on the part of the nobody, who is disadvantaged compared to the singer's kid. I mean, it sounds like she knew a lot, based on what you’re describing. 😂 No psychic is gonna be 100% accurate, and you should always take what they tell you with a grain of salt. Don’t let a reading dictate how you approach your life. You’re in charge. Maybe this is the exact advice you needed right now to help your fulfil your destiny? If you catch my drift. I am late to this conversation but really wanted to encourage you that the future is fluid.  Anything is possible at any time, and ultimately you are in charge of the trajectory of your life.  I understand it can be disappointing to get a reading like this because we see people - like famous or well known psychics - as authorities on the future.  The truth is, you are the authority, and you mustn't give your power away to someone in the hopes of finding comfort in what they tell you.  

So many really good answers in the thread already, just wanted to give you mine. No one can predict with certainty your future as it's fluid. You have control over it.
I have changed my own. Time is always changing and so is life. I wouldn’t out much thought into it. Something that could have happened two seconds ago could be null within another second Whatever you believe is true. Believe you can create your own destiny and follow through. I used to believe in tarot. All of it was BS, honestly. And I speak from experience and that was the last straw. Today, if I come across tarot I just politely decline. Serves me right for wanting to know what’s going to happen. As humans, we just need to take a frickin step back and walk through our lives the way it was meant to be. I dont want to be looking over my shoulder every 5 mins or expecting some miracle just bec a psychic or tarot reader said so. Theres a lot of disappointment if it doesnt come true. And a lot of heartbreak and stress too. Free yourself from this. Live life as it happens. And lower your expectations. I wouldn't listen to anyone who tells me something will not happen with confidence. If anything, I will live to prove them wrong. Why someone like her is famous is beyond me. Maybe she sensed you needed a push and used reverse psychology on you?

*What's Really Going To Bake Your Noodle Later On Is, Would You Still Have Broken It If I Hadn't Said Anything?* Who is this psychic. Are you allowed to name names? Not sure what the rules are on this sub. Yes you can absolutely change the trajectory of your life. Especially when you know what’s coming. [removed] By what you described, famous psychic with heavy accent - i'm wondering if you saw the long island medium? that's why imo paying fortune tellers money is waste of money Letting a psychic tell you what you can and can't do dumb  anyway it a matter of if you do it not so much anything else I like to call it intuition, but lots of people say psychic The future is not set and I have yet to find a way to not sound nutty when discussing future events.  Been dealing with this stuff for 15 years now and still learning.  The important thing is to be patient and stay calm.  Unless harmful events are coming, I usually keep it to myself. I’m in the same position and look crazy 😂 not helpful I know. Mines mainly a feeling I know when and where something is going to happen but not exactly what it is. 
I have dreams but I don’t usually realise I’ve had the dream until I’m having the experience then it all comes back and I know what’s coming next You just live with it,as usual. Grow indifferent as it is daily occurence,same as in my case.

My abilities mostly relate to vision so i grew indifferent and play around them:

>!Like if i see a black cloud moving in the corridor of my house i pretend to not notice it,otherwise missfortune will be shot at me,which i tested multiple times.!<

>!Sometimes i see something in the corner of my eye and if it is nice colour\[one of the rainbow\] i just drag its attention to me for some luck.!<

>!Sometimes i have visions of future.!<

>!Sometimes i have cryptic nightmares,my last nightmare was similar to final fantasy 4 asura trial where i was tested by 3 entities in the bodies of the kids.!<

>!Sometimes i am forced to sleep to experience a nightmare or dream of future.!<

And i am living with all of it,it's preety normal in my life and i dont talk about it outside the internet. So get used to your abilities or grow indifference to em. You said it yourself, you get the runs. You have a physical reaction to the energy. If it was mental or all in your mind - you wouldn’t have the physical reaction. 

Blessings to you and your mom. I know this must be a difficult time for your family. 💕 I believe that white smoke is called ectoplasm. It’s pretty rare to see. The thing is that you sorta don’t know if it’s your mind playing tricks on you or not and you kind of never will. Kinda just gotta sit with it. And really at the bottom of it all, a lot of what people experience in life is a projection. Try not to get too in your head about it all. It’s easier said than done. A friend used to always tell me that I had so much head energy and the energy needed to be dispersed and released. Sometimes I try to remember this when I’m feeling what you’re feeling. > Then she ended with someone cursing my mom when she was pregnant, but I ended up absorbing it. Claimed that all the positive things she said about my future can come true if I go through a ($300) cleanse. That’s when I called bullshit and felt so hurt because I was genuinely getting emotional in the beginning. I kindly declined and left.

You did the right thing for sure. This is a common manipulation tactic to extract as much money as possible from vulnerable clients. Those neon signs combined with "open 24 hours" are two red flags on their own, so it's no surprise that it escalated to the "pay me more to lift your curse!" bit lol. *No one* who uses those neon signs is legit from what I've seen, it's just an easy way to grab people's attention who are bored, lonely, or desperate, not unlike a flashy strip club sign tbh.

In order to find someone who has a serious practice, it's best to become familiar with your local spiritual community and use word of mouth recommendations. If there is a magick store nearby that has a good reputation, that can be a good place to start since they tend to hold community events or be attached to other people or things in the area. Reddit seems to have some helpful folks too - there's a subreddit that actually verifies people's abilities before they're allowed to advertise services but I forget what it's called [removed] Stay the hell away from anyone that says "future can come true if I go through a ($300) cleanse". This is why I don't put too much stock in the visions of fortune tellers and other professional "psychics."

Too many charlatans out there. So many that it's damn near impossible to get a decent reading (the genuine psychics out there aren't usually plying their services.)

EDIT: That last bit, about the curse, that's one of the oldest scam openers ever. As you noticed, they end up trying to dazzle you into thinking you have a curse and they (fascinatingly enough) have the solution and that's where they get you. The readings they offer are more like "how to detect a rube gullible enough to fall for my scam." I am not psychic, only answering from my experiences, the others are right, it is a scam! And it’s very wise of you to ask here. This is where I’ve learned so much about what to expect and how not to get scammed. I unfortunately before finding this page, fell for the scam… and lost alot of money just hoping it would help me out of the lonely place I was in. It didn’t… the person took my money and ghosted me soon afterwards. There are real healers. I personally like to see what people write on these threads, get a sense for how they are and what they do. And sometimes I will reach out to someone because I feel drawn to them for some reason, and if they are accepting or willing I will pay them for a reading. Also, the free readings they offer here are great!!!!! So many gifted people willing to help! It’s really nice that they do this ❤️❤️ Hopefully that guy who copy pastes their method will show up, I should really save that comment myself lol. 

Essentially you wanna learn how to meditate, then once you're able to clear your mind of wandering thoughts and emotions, you can begin to set a space for your guides to come through. A popular method is to envision an open, peaceful place where they can show up, and where you can always go back when you want to meet up with them. Other things go into it such as grounding and shielding to ensure that you're able to connect with the right energies. But being able to meditate and push any personal crap out of the way is key to having a strong connection. Automatic writing is a great technique, Gabby Bernstein has a good video on YouTube. We have a couple of guides in the sub wiki that might help you! 
The first is an art ticket about meditation that then goes on to discuss how to meet your spirit guides so scroll past the first bit if you aren’t interested although a good meditation practise would definitely help

https://www.reddit.com/r/Psychic/wiki/index/faq?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf

The other is a ‘how to connect to your spirit guides’ from the best of section of the sub. Hope these help some? 

https://www.reddit.com/r/Psychic/comments/76lobf/how_to_contact_your_spirit_guide/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf Do it in a lucid dream Look on YouTube for Guided Meditation to meet your Guides.  There are tons there. 💜 Also keep in mind the time zone you were born in How different is the time? No. They can't but you might can through regressive hypnosis. It's best to o trust hospital records and your birth certificate. I've heard they can for a fee, but I don't really trust it. What I did was compare where my rising sign was placed at certain times on the day I was born which I think narrowed it down to a 2 hour window. See which rising sign fits the best, and then compare it to those times you have on your birth certificate, etc This damn word is thrown around way too fucking much. People will believe anything to escape the boring reality I have been having similar experiences since I was 8 years old.  You are definitely not alone and do not sound crazy at all to me. This is pretty typical of people in this community. A lot of children are born with these gifts and forget them or are shunned out of them by their parents but some don’t feel these impacts. I have astral projections and very vivid lucid dreams. Also have a lot of mood swings, I think because of the energy of the people around. But I don't know whether it's just my mind or I'm absorbing the energy of people! Lol, for being one of us, very normal. Tho, do be careful. Admitting this you will get an inbox full of people wanting you to tell them if their SO is cheating on them or if you can make their other half live them more, for free of course. They don’t wanna pay. 

Otherwise, welcome! As you know, these abilities can make your personal life difficult as you may not always want to say something to someone and the biggest downfall is that so many suffer all the time, to feel that constantly can bring you down. 

Learn to protect your energy. The brighter you shine, the more attractive you are to everything. Good and bad. I wish I could tell you how, but I’m still working on that. 

This path is not easy and it’s easy for others to take advantage of you. The trick is to not become bitter. 

I pray you find ways to keep your sanity. Most of us have prbly exp same. Many of us started at a very young age. I was lucky enough to have a grandmother and father who could teach me.

One of the most important things I learned as an empth, and it sounds like you’re an empath as well as a medium, is to protect myself. Each morning I have a prayer ritual into which I have incorporated my projection ritual. I encourage you to find/develop one for yourself. I would also encourage you to attend classes that will help you develop your skills and manage them. you are gifted I also experience these things, from a young age but esp increasing recently. You are gifted. Hi. I just joined because I’m struggling with a very specific piece of information I’ve intuited and was looking for advice too. You aren’t alone. I’ve had abilities since I was a teenager and I’m in my 40’s now. It’s been lonely a lot and I’ve felt crazy a lot, been told I was psychotic and was medicated. I also have abused substances a lot to deal with it. I was lucky to find others in various places with similar abilities and it’s so nice to meet others! I feel like my ability has lessened as I get older and you just learn to live with it. Feel free to chat me yes i experience all of this too omg [removed] I wish I was born like this I also see auras. I see heat signatures from things as well, weird stuff like the heat trail left by tires from cars driving. I have exceptional hearing. I’ve been tested a few times, and each time they explain that I have the best hearing they have seen in anyone. I can hear vibrations, and feel vibrations. I am extremely sensitive to vibrations coming off of electronic devices as well as fluorescent lights, sometimes I have to leave the room it can become too overwhelming. Not sure if vibration is the right word but that’s how I describe it. I can also hear bats echolocation. I ask people if they can hear it and they look at me like I’m insane. I can locate where something is immediately just by listening in on it. Like a bird chirping in a tree amongst a forest I can pinpoint where it’s at right away. Animals aren’t really afraid of me, unless I am with other people. Have had dreams that have come true. And can feel what other people are thinking. I say feel because I can’t hear their thoughts but I can almost feel them, it’s hard to explain. Everyone in my opinion has gifts and abilities, it just depends on how open they are to them. :) it’s cool that people are sharing more about their gifts. Love hearing about it. And how old are u now It's definitely not assault.

If they all of a sudden say in your head, "Cut it out!", or something similar, you really should direct your thoughts elsewhere.  Fantasize about someone else.  Feelings have to be mutual. I don’t see anything wrong with fantasizing about someone. We are human at the end of the day and do fantasize about people, life, the future, etc. I think that once this person made it clear they were receiving this energy and it made them uncomfortable and you were to continue regardless of this confrontation- then it becomes an issue. Otherwise then i don’t see a problem. It’s human to fantasize. I would obviously apologize to this person and tell them your sorry for making them uncomfortable, it was not your intent to make them uncomfortable, you didn’t know and that you don’t do it anymore. I would moving forward ask this person in general what there telepathic boundaries are. If they are sensitive to thought/energy in general then maybe ask if there are boundaries and things you can do to take the pressure off if it’s overwhelming for them. Also be prepared moving forward if this person acts or perceives you differently. If you are here to learn, then we must allow you to make mistakes. 

Did your energy get in their space? Maybe. There are many ways for someone to pick up on your fantasies about them. Telepathy is only one way. Clairvoyance and clairsentience can do it. And it gets more complicated because different people will interpret what you are doing differently. 

Learning to be aware of your own energy is the first step. Then you can learn to control it. Everybody has telepathic abilities, but only a few can actually understand them and differentiate them for any practical use. 

Everyone you've ever thought about is aware in some level of it. 

Poor grandma. Simple just don’t think 👍 I mean, you should be able to be 100% safe in your own head. If someone else is psychic they can learn to block you out IMO Yo thoughts ain’t my thoughts, next caller Many things are situationally dependent. I wouldn't worry about karma and labels right now, and would sincerely apologize and humbly respect this person's understandable decisions or uneasiness with you, going forwards. If they feel that way, that's valid and you should accept that. That doesn't change wether you knew or did not at the moment. Not assault.

People are allowed to have private thoughts.
If they Are telepathic, they should be able to shield themselves from others thoughts, and let others have their privacy. Well they should be able to block any unwanted telepathic communications. I believe you should be able to fantasize about what you want. On one hand, no one belongs in your head. 

On a different hand though, thoughts are rarely just thoughts, and can often translate into words or actions (think glancing at someone too often), and someone who doesn’t even want you thinking about the two of you together very likely doesn’t want those accompanying words or actions. Be careful, be aware, be mindful <3 It’s your head, your thoughts our yours if they don’t like it they don’t have to be there

They shouldn’t be ease dropping there in first place Tell them to bugger off and stay out of your head. They are unjustly intruding in your personal space, violating boundaries in a very unsettling way. It's your mind ffs, they can't police your thoughts. My pos psycho neighbors try to do this all the time and they are the biggest predatory scumbags I know 
Great question. 

It probably doesn't develop karma unless you refuse to clean up your intentions and continue to emit possessive sexual energy at her regardless of the fact you know she doesn't want it. 

Intentions scream loud and clear on the frequency front, as you know, even if they aren't physically acted out. 

Begin to respect her as a soul and commit to treating her as such. Commit to not thinking about her body and see the internal being instead. This will cancel out any karma.

And yes, it is a bit like psychic sexual assault when a woman can feel your energy and it's not reciprocal. No it’s not. Period. When I was young and an uncontrolled psychic mess, I actually had a psychic, well, psychically block me. I needed that lesson. I also had some weird shit happen with a man I had a very sexual relationship with like 5 years ago. It could be psychic attack, but you’ve gotta listen to your intuition. Very low chance it's so impactful it makes them uncomfortable. It'll just be a whisper and a vague feeling to them. If they're so tuned in that they're deeply affected by other's thoughts and emotions, then they're bound to have so many other things flowing through them that sexual fantasies will be relatively easy to accept and probably inconsequential. That is, unless they like you back, or have some other personal investment in your sexuality. That's when its more likely to potentially become messy, good or bad. Bro whatever goes on in your head is your business no one else’s don’t worry about it if someone that’s telepathic is being nosy they’re the ones in the wrong imo. Your thoughts can’t hurt anyone except you if you let them. I was so intensely thinking about sex that telepathic police knocked at my telepathic door a couple of times, in the end the telepathic judge gave me a restricting order to stay at least at 500 telepathic meters from that woman. Not assault - also telepathy takes two - one to send and one to receive. I send back whatever is not for my highest good (which is my responsibility as the receiver). Especially understanding that others have little understanding or control sometimes of what they are sending. Lol Repression leads to an unhealthy explosion later. That being said they may think that it is them who is having the thoughts so become confused. If they find out it was you, I would imagine it would be flattering at best and kind of funny at worst I mean, it’s really based on the situation and intent. Think of it like a criminal trial - intent and what you do about it matter a lot. Someone who apologizes and goes to the cops after commuting a crime gets off easier than someone who doesn’t. Coming clean to yourself and recognize in f you did something wrong, and commuting to avoiding that behavior in the future will definitely do you good just let it be i’d say… not healthy to control or suppress those thoughts😊 They wouldn't allow it if they didn't like you well, you're in their world so it means they're accepting sex, its just a sign and simply says the person wants sex. you got a heads up, whats wrong? The word you are looking for is ‘fantasy’? What utter nonsense. Assault? No I don't think it is. During my learning phase, without me meaning to, I'd pick up thoughts from others that were energeticly connected to me. (Someone was worried about me, mad with me, sending good vibes, whatever). 

With that, I once I saw an old friend who used to have a crush on me meany years ago and I picked up INTENSE sexual energy immediately. Like they were fantasizing about me in a sexual way at that very moment. 

I hated it. It made me feel disgusting, but I excused myself to the bathroom and purposefully cleared my energy feild and shielded myself and it went away. Outside of their thoughts, the person was respectful and not at all preditory.

People are going to think about whatever they're going to think about. It's my job to manage my own energetic feild and sheild effectively. So long as no physical actions are taken or said, it's fine. their fault for being telepathic :/ I have actually really been wondering the same the past days. I think if you realized it made them uncomfortable, you should stop and apologize :) Have you also been sharing stuff on social media or with people who you think are friends? I would just try to empathize with them. So in this particular case I would honestly entertain what it’s like to be on the receiving end of sexual assault. If it’s hard to do with just my imagination then maybe I’ll watch a show or movie where this is happening to someone. If I can’t handle full on sexual assault then I’ll start smaller like a scene where someone is being creeped out in a sexual way. If I start feeling those negative emotions then it’s working. Then all I need to do is listen to and process the emotions.

After that I’ll have a better understanding of that entire dynamic and it will be clear whether I actually did anything wrong or not. No it's not. Loooool are you serious bro? Like, wtf. If we can’t even own the fuckin thoughts in our heads what can we call ours in this world? If anything it’s an invasion of privacy for them to be reading your thoughts without permission. lol!!!! equivalent!!??? men think about sex every, what, 5 or 30 seconds... and women know they if they will have sex with you or not,  within 5 seconds of meeting you... 

Energies are energies, they exist intentionally or unintentionally and THEY should also be learning to protect themselves from whatever is out that THEY think need protection from now that THEY are becoming more sensitive to energies or dimensions. Your thoughts are a natural process and THEY will get the karma they deserve for trying to influence your freewill for their ignorance. like the old saying says.. .with great power yadda yadda yadda. Next time tickle their ass with your mind... see if they feel it. Bro wtf is this sub I don't understand the sexual assault connect entirely, nor did I see the post,  but it makes me feel sad with what I think it might mean. So big hugs friend. I have no insight into how to become one and i cant explain my universe connect well to others. But you've put your intentions out to the universe and my heart caught your post, so be kind to yourself. Take deep breaths. Never blame yourself. And ask for the universe to guide you. And know someone out there knows you're asking for guidance, so i am thinking of you.  

But also know, no amount of telepathy can prevent sexual assault. No matter the strength,  no one can fully predict the actions of others. It was not a lack of sense on your part, it was the unpredictableness of someone entirely out of tune with the universe and who chose to engage in actions to harm someone else, i think of it as an intentional harm to self, a person like that. How sad one must be.... That is the imbalance in our world, others harming others intentionally.  But I do feel your soul seeking answers and understanding.  I have been there maybe in similar ways, or maybe not. Just know, know, know, it wasn't your fault. Why is sexual assault “lol” to you…? Magic mushroomed will insight telepathy but you have to be outstandingly careful. Telepathy is like a mist and even the softest gentlest breeze will wash it away. It’s almost better to just not even think about it or try to get to it. I’ve experienced telepathy a few times and it’s not all that it’s cracked up to be. It’s fascinating for sure, but I really urge caution when seeking telepathy. Result of too much propaganda in this world. It can be done. I don't wish to reveal the secret here.

Trataka meditation with a specific object will work. You can figure it out if you work on it >telepathic "sexual assault"

What sad, insecure, oversensitive and paranoid excuse of a person would accuse someone else of something that happens only in his/her own mind and ruin their lives? Or maybe is looking for attention, like most teenagers. You have to be very aware of what are your own thoughts and own energy versus something that comes from the external world. It's very easy to develop if you have close family members or friends to experiment with. Next time you're alone with someone try to quiet your mind completely. You need to be in that quiet daydreaming state aka "Alpha brain state" without having the normal daydream or self-thoughts. It's not that hard especially if  you have experience meditating. It's a quiet yet alert state. Easy to pick up on things around especially small sounds. Then you might pick up on the thoughts and energies of others.

Eventually you'll start hearing small things like. "Hmm this food is delicious" or "OP looks very sleepy tired or something" Those small benign thoughts that humans have every now and then. That's their inner voice you're picking up on. You need to be able to focus on something without even looking at it if that makes sense. As another poster said Trataka meditation will help. Developing focus on an object and becoming one with it starts to engage that psychic muscle that you use to pick up on energy. Once you have a lock on their "vibe" you'll be able to tap in. Then once you develop that connection with humans you can start sending them your own thoughts thus "telepathy". You'll start realizing that some people around you will be more open psychically open. Even animals have their own simple thoughts too. Dogs and cats especially since they're around us often.

Take care in this journey though, because opening up those secret faculties can change your whole life up. Maybe you'll pick up on the thoughts of your significant other and youll find out they dont really love you or maybe you'll pick up on the thoughts of those people you thought were your friends at work but actually are being super fake behind your back. You start becoming a "human lie detector". And a lot of people do not have pretty internal worlds. Opening a psychic connection with toxic individuals is super draining.

Hope that helps. Limiting sugar and not using flouride toothpaste seems to help too. There are certain illicit substances that you smoke or pick off the poo of cows that help open you up too, but I do not condone any illegal activities. Living in nature helps as well. Anything that helps you understand silence and the absence and presence of energy is good.

&#x200B;

Ask and ye shall receive 🙏 Pondering the orb 🔮

Crystal balls aren’t the easiest thing for scrying. You have to get the set up just right and have a good quality ball. Nothing wrong with using them. I’m glad yours is working for you. 

Black mirrors and other reflective surfaces work just as well but are more user friendly. A clean tablet screen (tablet off) or the like work. 

My favorite thing to scry in is a bowl (or small black cauldron) with Earl Grey tea in it. I bought an obsidian scrying disk I haven't used it yet but would love to learn how I love my crystal ball. I think it makes people think I’m a freak but whatever. It has opened up my third eye lots of times and it is great for visualizing. Really anything can open up the third eye though, I could meditate my focus on a chair or something and could get the thing open, but something about crystal balls I love. I have a clear quartz crystal ball and a lot of times I visualize it as my perfectly clear mind, and then work with it whenever something pops into it. I’ve thought about getting another but it’s not like I shit money and I don’t need to get addicted to buying crystal balls and stones. Not sure if I can be of any help, but I am a psych major and I can try to explain this phenomenon. I also deal with sleep paralysis as a child and even now as an adult. I thought that it was due to spirits, but I learned that it’s simply a nightmare. You scare yourself so bad in your sleep that you wake yourself up while you’re still dreaming. Hence why you can’t move or speak. You are viewing your dream in “real life”. I believe it 100%, but I’m sure you can have other opinions. Hope this helps you out even a little! Deep bonds are common in intimate relationships.  It is very common for a couple to share a psychic bond.  My ex wife and I could read each other's thoughts.  You are not crazy in the least. I could pick up that my exe wife cheated when she was 1200 miles away. And 2 days later when she got home I got my confirmation. I picked up on it just by the feel of her text messages. They just seemed different than her normal ones. I’ve had the same dreams with one ex on the same night. I had a dead relative come to me in a dream and say something and my aunt had the same exact dream, I only found out because my cousin told me about it. Another ex and I saw each other as children at the same moment. Not see see but in our minds. Hard to explain! When you have a deep connection and sensitivity, you can have some unique experiences. I don’t get what feels like movie reels at all, but I definitely have images pop in my minds eye. And  they always come in between that stage of wakefulness and sleeping. Once I had this cute little boy stomping around in mud puddles in the rain, wearing yellow rain boots and a yellow raincoat with the cute little yellow hat. Actually that one was like a video. I wasn’t thinking of anything in that moment, was just falling back asleep and there he was. Day before yesterday I had a young man wearing a clean white t-shirt with blue lettering on it. But when I try to focus and make out more details I wind up losing the images altogether. It’s my favorite thing ever to have those because wherever they are coming from they never coincide with where my thinking is at the time. But it’s difficult for me to put myself in that headspace and I have no clue how to capture them and hold on. All I know is that the harder I try to the quicker they go poof and disappear. When you see images when waking up, they are called Hypnopompic Hallucianations.

When you falling asleep, they are Hypnogogic Hallucinations. 

They are images/dreamlets of a starting dream.

You can use them to enter a lucid dream. You can find your method, but what worked for me was: I found a spot in the image and said deliberately I... AM... THERE. That literally wooshed me into the image and when I was standing in the middle of it, my environment changed into 3D and I was inside of it, surrounded on all sides.

Or, you can try to stand up or roll out of your body by mentally giving yourself a command to roll to the side, as when you are turning to get up from the bed. When you just think it, your dream body will move and you will find yourself in a dream/astral, which will most likely be in the form of your bedroom.

If you miss your chance this time, next time be ready : ) Or just enjoy the images/movies. They can be startlingly beautiful and interesting. I'm clairvoyant. Spirit/my Team bring me messages by way of showing me pictures, symbols and a quick film like action. 

They bring messages in a way I will most understand.
Example; 
I was at work sitting at my desk. Suddenly in my minds I  was shown many, many people standing in a long line. The line of people faced left, walking to the left. Their shoulders drooped down & they were shuffling very slowly in the line. 
They all appeared sad or in despair.
I felt a feeling of loss & my heart felt heavy. Then a saw (what felt like myself) a person joining the line not at the end of the line, but in the middle. 

In 2008 alot of people were losing their jobs due to the failing economy. 
I felt that what I'd been shown was a message that I would be joining the hundreds that were suffering the effects of the economy. 
     Six days later I was laid off and found myself standing in line at the unemployment offices.

13 months later I received a call from a company offering a job interview. As I was telling my husband about the interview my Team was showing me a symbol. A small circle & five arrows around the circle pointing towards it and the arrows were moving back & forth towards the circle. 

I took that message to mean that this was the company that was going to hire me. They did.

Anyway that is how Spirit communicates with me.
I'm also clairaudient & clairsentient, but my strength is clairaudient. 
I feel you are definitely clairvoyant. 🙏💜 I’ve experienced this twice! I was playing cards with my husband and dad til like 2 or 3 in the morning and once I laid down to go to sleep and closed my eyes I saw stars in a dark purple sky. I thought that was weird so I opened my eyes again and closed them and it happened again. Usually when I close my eyes it’s just pitch black but that night I was seeing stars like perfectly which freaked me out because I’m nearsighted YES! It's what gets me interested in the topic. I don't know why I get that or what causes it. I wonder if there is a way to develop that into something. I love your user name!!  I’ve had this experience twice now, since my spiritual awakening. The first time it was like someone was holding a book open, close to my eyes, so that I could read a specific paragraph.  The book was moving a bit, just like it would if someone was holding it.  There was a message of four sentences that seemed important so I wrote them down in my journal once I came to. 

The other time, it felt sort of like a movie, but it was also like I was there.  It lasted only about 5 seconds. I was a lady in long skirts, standing in a dusty street like in the old American west (cowboy days). There was a smartly dressed man in an old black suit facing me, looking around frantically. There was chaos in the street, people running around and something big and bad was happening, we were trying to figure out what to do. Then it was over! 

I’ve heard this called the hypnagogic phase, but I’m not sure. I think that’s what it’s called. I’ve heard that all kinds of things can happen during the hypnagogic phase (between waking and sleeping), like messages from guides, past life memories, and visits from guides or loved ones on the other side. 

So maybe a google search on hypnagogic phase will help you find something! Good luck! Yes this has happened me twice now and I had no idea what was going on. When i closed my eyes I seen a ‘movie’ and as you described it’s very quick but I noticed the images seem to have a grain, almost like an old movie. Would definitely like to know more about what this is When I close my eyes, I see shapes and some really muted colors (yellow, green, blue…). It’s almost like a less colorful version of a kaleidoscope. Yes. She thought of your first,manifestxher :)) You are experiencing precognition.  It is not worth worrying about, although that is the natural reaction when it starts happening.  Like most things in life, it can be scary at first but you eventually get used to it.  Over time, you may even be able to manage it to the point where you can look forward consciously while you are awake.  If you are anything like me, not everything you see will come to pass as the future is not set in stone.  Speaking from experience, I have yet to find a way of warning people where you do not sound insane.  Keep a journal and always know that you are not the only one who has to deal with this. Same. For years and years. You aren’t alone One of the most cursed gifts to have. I usually just try to block them out. It’s a very isolating experience. And seeing and not being able to do anything about it is just the most helpless of feelings. Pure torture. I've been having a lot of dreams recently about a person. There all events that have never happened so im curious if they will happen some day. They are based on conversations that happened in the pass. Tarot cards are used for answering your questions sooo.

Ideally you would sit down, relax and meditate a bit. Focus on intention of connecting to your spirit guides. Ask them to asnwer your questions through cards. Then ask question and lay out the cards. Spirit guides will answer through your cards.

Simple. Meditate on a question, develop a ritual for pulling cards (I simply shuffle mine and look at them, reversed, to see which ones I want)

Then interpret them, settle with whatever you choose.

I usually pull 3 but you can do whatever you want as long as you know what they're each for.

If I was you, I'd use them to figure out a focal point for contact, as in pull cards that tell you what energy you should use to reach them. They're obviously not spirit guides but trickster spirits from the lower astral. I'd do a banishing ritual and white light protection technique daily until they feck off. Somebody who had your best interests at heart wouldn't use and manipulate you in this way and they certainly wouldn't lie. They shouldn’t be distracting you while you’re driving… so it’s possible it’s simply a lonely spirit. I would practice shielding and state affirmations that you only allow benevolent entities who hold unconditional love for you, and only want the best for you to interact with you. 

Regardless, I would put your foot down and not tolerate being lied to. Definitely smells of them seeing you as ignorant and vulnerable and using you as a toy. Be confident, tell them no - out loud if you have to, practice shielding and affirmations Don't tolerate any behavior in an entity relationship that you wouldn't in a human one. They can hurt you without meaning it, they can use you on purpose, and they can also be great. You gotta give them the boot if they are making you unhappy or making your life worse. I agree with the majority; these are not your spirit guides. 

Along with clear intentions consider smudging your space/whole house with sage. Move the smoke into each corner, every doorway and window while repeating aloud:
 
 "I cleanse this space of all negative energy and spirits wishing to do harm. Only positive energy of Divine light & love may enter this space. You are not welcome. I demand you leave this space now, never return, go into the light."
🤍💜🙏 It's also hard to get accurate pendulum readings when you're holding the tool as your body will always have micro movements. It's best used on a stand. Oh boy, ok- lock it out. Anything that isn’t there for hugest best, is lying, is manipulative, it makes you feel anxious or creeped out is not good.

Especially if they can move your body. I had this experience ( making sigils,  finger pointing, and almost using my computer keyboard like a ouijiboard) this was a lower vibrational being. I had to do a good deal of work to banish it, but the important thing is your don’t let it in- it’s a form of consent.

They can get in through grey area but if you say you’re a sovereign being and you do not consent to messages from any being/entity/groups/ or programs ( yes, all of those) which are trying to communicate through you but are not in service to others, or highest best timeline for you- that will help weed them out.

Don’t talk to the low vibrational energies, it can feel exciting but it won’t end well and it will take you in circles. whenever i use anything, i always make a point to ask for a response from 'energies of the highest good.'

i feel confident that saying something like that when asking anything keeps lower level energies from posing as a guide, or whatever Yes, thay can Each of us experience our abilities slightly differently, even within a group of people who all share the same type of ability, how we experience it may differ person to person. There isn’t a right way, or a wrong way, just your way, and that’s perfectly okay. Similarly how we develop them can differ too. Some of us find it’s a natural thing, some of us have to work on them. Most of us agree though that a good start is having a sound meditation practise. And yes, there are many many different types of traditional and non-traditional ways to meditate too. The aim is to quieten the day-to-day mind chatter we all have, and then we can hear/see/feel whatever it is our intuition is telling us more clearly.   

I’ll link you to an article in the sub wiki about meditation. It’s a good starting point if you don’t know where to start, and it covers grounding, blocking and shielding too - also essential skills in developing (and managing) any form of psychic ability. See if this helps any but give it time, it takes patience and won’t happen overnight. If this form of meditation doesn’t work for you, don’t worry, just try an online search and find another form of meditation that appeals and does works for you, it doesn’t have to be cross-legged chanting or intense hours in uncomfortable poses, there’s a lot of different types of non-traditional meditation including guided, nature walks, forest bathing, gardening, artistic pursuits, playing musical instruments and the important thing is finding whatever you like, want to do and appeals to you. Enjoy! 

https://www.reddit.com/r/Psychic/wiki/index/faq?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf By chanting mantra,or intense meditation you can get such ability through dreams or visons..

Diet play a important role too..

My pov ✅ [deleted] It’s real ! It’s amazing how they can communicate with you 🥰 I have been talking to them in my dreams. One has visited me twice. He told me to talk to a coworker because we have the same dream often. Turns out he was right. Then he came to me a few nights later and told me to stop sabotaging myself because the universe keeps giving me gifts and I keep doubting I deserve them. It was super uplifting and helpful. How did you get confirmation? I feel like mine is trying but I'm still very very skeptical and subtle stuff is not my strong suit. Did you ask for a specific sign or information or something? Hi, can I chat with you about something personal? I spoke with my guides and several were not human. They showed up. I asked for it. I didn’t agree with what info they gave me though, I’ve considered myself a work in progress. I think I communicated with mine through dousing rods. I just call on them & ask for permission to ask questions. So far I’ve communicated with one who’s genderless, no name & they confirmed they’ve been with me through many lifetimes. The other one also told me they’re genderless & has a name that starts with the letter K if I’m not mistaken. I always ask the rods to point directly to where they’re standing too because I’m never able to see them. I asked & they’re not human or have ever reincarnated as a human for that matter. It’s totally reasonable to drop it until you can get help from a therapist. You have to have your mental faculties in control before diving into the occult. Then when you are ready, do it with a mentor that understands how it affects mental health and is kind. Talk to a doctor about your difficulties. There are treatments available.

If you're at a crisis point, your first directive should be getting yourself on the road to mental wellness. I went through twenty four years of therapy and take meds to manage my mental illness.  In addition to that, I am psychic and the meds do not affect my abilities in the least.  My meds successfully treat my mental issues and make it much easier to deal with being psychic.  The first few years were rough.  My best advice is get medical help, make friends with other psychic people, and have some kind of spiritual belief structure to get you through the hard times.  Once you are mentally sound, it gets much easier dealing with being psychic. So a little background info, I'm living on a native reservation on top of a burial ground with my late relatives buried ways behind the house some ways past our pasture. There's been a gruesome murder of two of our relatives that happened in the early 2000s not too far from the house in the woods a horrible tragedy I didn't find out up until a few months ago, theres MANY child spirits here like atleast 6 so that energy is a lot. There has been a suicide here in the house too which was the cause of my PTSD so that's another reason I'm feeling all the way consumed by death energy and my disorder by staying in this location. I'm thinking of relocating off the reserve hopefully in order to escape for the sake of my sanity 

I hear the ghosts clearly right before I go to bed, and they sound like normal people, not demonic. 
I'm sure I'm not going through psychosis because the mumbles are only when sit in a quiet room after I adjusted to it like after awhile then I hear them very Slightly yet incoherently. Though, Through the white noise of my fan their voices are more present thats how i was able to talk to my deceased sibling (i got confirmation it was). So I ruled psychosis out but ofcourse I need to talk to someone about what I'm experiencing.

I'm taking all of your suggestions here, screenshotting! im very grateful for them! and I was actually planning on therapy for awhile until it all came crashing down and things felt hopeless, thanks to your support I'm going to focus on my mental health and get help. Thank you for your suggestions! Ah you dove in too fast man.

This path is the most difficult thing in the world to do 

Just know, you can drop it at any time

If you want, you can learn to build a mental shield, keep out external thoughts, that way you know what is you and what isn't 

From there, mindfulness and therapy would help.

But you have some gifts that you can master.

For me, it was active visualization and breathing meditation that helped me. Hi there, my deepest sympathies to you on your path. I have had similar intrusive psychic phenomena and I completely agree - I do not want it at all. Here's what I have found has helped:

\- Study Dzogchen Buddhism. Particularly, Dudjom Linda's lineage. The deal with him is he is expressly acute about so many basic rules of consciousness that FINALLY made sense and grounded me and allowed me to take charge of everything I was thinking/feeling/living. 

\- You must detox your body. Heavy toxic metals when in the brain or nervous system will actually get heated up when you have a lot of nerve impulses (say during times of stress or emotion). When these metals get heated up they oxidize and corrode all the nervous tissue next to them (which causes terrible mood swings and other symptoms). Look up the **Medical Medium book by Anthony Williams** \- he also has an amazing Facebook page. If you can do his heavy metal detox routine I guarantee you you will feel incredible relief within 2 weeks (if you do it everyday). 

Prayers, deep peace, and best of luck to you gentle friend. It sounds like you have spirit attachments (also called entity attachments). They feast off your low level energy (fear, lust, greed, hatred, sadness, etc). They spend a great amount of time trying to upset you simply to feed off your reaction (fear, sadness, etc) and the low level energy that this radiates. 

You sound like you are an hsp (highly sensitive person) or empath. These spirits are very attracted to this personality type as you are very sensitive to spiritual energy as well as to most things in life. Your strong energy attracts them. 

In the short term, you can learn to rid yourself of low level energy. This will frustrate them and sometimes they will just look around for another sensitive type to attach to and disappear from your life. 

Give up alcohol and drugs and porn if you use any of these. Learn to meditate. Thich Nhat Hanh wrote a very good book called The Miracle of Mindfulness: An Introduction to the Practice of Meditation. Learn to meditate while walking. You need to learn to keep your mind in the present (the here and now) to avoid dwelling on the past, and worrying about your future. These spirits feed off the stress and worry from these thoughts. 

Also, you need to stop fearing these attached spirits, which again, only gives them the energy they crave. Understand that they are themselves lost and confused. They died and instead of going into the Light, they were somehow misdirected. Often these types committed suicide or died suddenly and violently, and so in this state of dark grief and confusion they ended up getting lost.

In some ways they are like junkies. They hate what they're doing, hurting innocent people, but they need a fix (low level energy) and they cannot help themselves. They can do a lot of damage to peoples' lives and relationships in much the same way that junkies do. 

You might want to read a book by William J. Baldwin called Healing Lost Souls: Releasing Unwanted Spirits From Your Energy Body. He is dead now, but helped thousands of people like yourself to detach from these spirits. He helped these spirits to finally find their way into the Light and most of them were very eager to go. 

You can always seek out a Shaman who specializes in (has a lot of experience with) removing dark entity attachments. But being a highly sensitive person, you will continue to be at risk of attracting new ones unless you learn how to live a more mindful and conscious life (free from radiating low level energy).

I hope this helps. 💚 I'm sorry for your suffering. It sounds really difficult. Especially at 18 years old. I don't have any real experience with what you're dealing with, however i have recently been doing "the gateway experience" its a type of enhanced meditation for lack of a better word. It was developed by this guy Robert Monroe who started experiencing out of body experiences. He would travel to the astral realm. And encounter all sorts of entities like the ones you are describing. Also positive entities. He kept exploring anyways and in the process gained some wisdom and tools to deal with them among other benefits.
You sound like a powerful person that could use guidance on how to deal with with that power. I really think it could help you. It teaches you how to harness and direct your bodys energy.

It's really changed my life in unbelievable ways and I've just barely scratched the surface but I can do some minor telekinesis since I've been doing it.

The gateway experience is so powerful in fact that the CIA classified it for like 30 years. 

Maybe you already know about it but if not at least look into it. If nothing else I'm sending peace and love your way. Commenting to respond later I'm so sorry you're struggling. It's overwhelming. I had something in the shower with me this morning and it completely threw me off. I'm used to odd things happening now, but it was still unnerving. That's a very private place for most people, to relax and be alone. You feel slightly invaded. 

You have to have this weird balance of acceptance, like you can't fight it or make it go away completely, but you can set boundaries and control the way you approach it. I used to get freaked out with every sign, every noise, every voice. The truth is, just like everyday sounds, some of them just don't matter. It's like the hum of a washing machine, or the tick of a clock. You'll pick up energy that's around you, and it's just kinda background noise sometimes. 

Now, it's honestly kind of comforting knowing someone is always listening, I don't like being alone, so there's always someone to talk to. But I didn't always feel this way. At first it kinda feels awful. 

For direct spirit/entity communication, I've found that they have a hard time comprehending time, and how it works here. My guide gets it and respects it, and won't overload me with too much at once. Literally everything else I interact with is so excited, so desperate to talk, that they will drive you insane trying to communicate. There's no easy off button. I don't have as strong a connection with other spirits (or whatever you'd like to call them) so I'm able to force the volume down, and sleep, or eat, or work, without constant interruptions. A few get through and I ignore them unless they are important.

I think the other side means well, but they just don't get how exhausting it is to be human, never mind a highly tuned-in one. We're processing so much information, all the time, from 5 different sources, and filtering it to the right people. Putting it in words they'll understand, phrasing it perfectly so they get the message but we don't freak them out. 

It's a heck of a gift. It's a difficult process to get used to. But I promise you, it will get easier. Back off for a bit, take care of yourself, and trust your gut. You know more than you think, and the world needs more sensitives. You got this. 💙 You have leaks and holes in your vessel/your body and mind. 

You need to get to full health to stop it. 

In this society the whole objective is to destroy your health. Which it seems has happened.

If you read the book We Want to Live by Aajonus Vonderplanitz you can regain your health and start to rebuild yourself.

It's the only way to stop them from doing what they do.

The djinn don't care for anything but the fact they are able to get in and won't stop until they can't get at you anymore. Sometimes it can be hard to tell the difference between actual spiritual interactions and our mind creating scenarios. For example, my best friend and my mother are both bipolar and when they aren’t medicated they see angels and demons. But on their medication they don’t. So they aren’t actually seeing angels and demons, they are just hallucinations. Whereas I am a medium and I do speak to the dead. Do you see the difference?

What I am getting at is that maybe these are not spirits. Maybe you are experiencing a mental health crisis and your mind is inventing these things. My niece is schizophrenic and often hears things around her exactly like what you described but when she takes her medication she doesn’t hear anything. 

It’s hard because sometimes people are under legitimate spiritual attack and sometimes it is mental illness. But you can’t diagnose yourself either way, you need a professional to help you figure out what’s happening. 

I think a psychological evaluation can help you. Can you get treated by a doctor? When things with entities get too wild, you can pray to God. I don't know if you're part of a religion,  but if you pray to a positive entity, It will help you. You could also pray to Raphael, Michael, Maria or Jesus  whatever works best for you You’re free to leave, nothing is stopping you from ending this, I promise. You have to be confident, otherwise you’ll still be victim and seen as weak You pretty much jumped a few needed steps. Tbh your I think you're compromised, your best bet is therapy just don't take their medicine. Gain back control of your mind and if you want spiritual enlightenment stick to meditation for this life. Haaaaave you met my friend pot? I know it's not for everyone but perhaps a nice indica? Cuz it will put you *indacouch* Your gut will know. Literally! Ask yourself questions you know the answer to, and really think about how it makes you feel. 

For example, say “I’m a purple gorilla” and see how that makes you feel. Then follow it up with saying “I’m ZorbhaTheBuddha” and see if that feels different! 

Continue experimenting with statements and how your body reacts to them. Use that to hone your intuition! This is one of the most challenging things to do because the imagination can be incredibly detailed and believable.

How to discern the difference? Well, first off do some shadow-work so you can deal with your negative impulses. Also, meditation is said to work by allowing you to become familiar with what the natural texture of your thoughts feels like so you can differentiate it from things coming to you from the other realms.

EDIT: But I've been doing this for more than 10 years and I still have difficulty discerning between imagination and intuition. So don't chide yourself if you're having difficulty... most of us do. You’ll be able to tell with practice. When you know, you know Fake intuition is usually caused by anxieties and fears. Real intuition does not come with anxiety and fear. You will know in your gut that something is not right but it won't cause a panic attack. Your real intuition will tell you when the time is right. If it doesn't tell you, you weren't meant to know. The truth comes as you need it, simply remain open and observe. My intuition comes without thought. It's a strong or intense knowing deep within.

There's no questioning, it just is and without having to have thought about it.

If you have to question " it", it's not intuition.
If you just know without a doubt, it intuition. I've heard songs in my dreams I didn't know and found them after waking up and searching. Specific references to the lyrics in the dream. I'll hear the melody and lyrics and everything... then I'll wake up and google it, and it's an actual song. Freaked out the first time it happened. Now it's kind of nice. 

Other times I'll get a familiar song stuck in my head, certain lyrics, as an answer to something. Yes this is natural,

Example you meet X,and you become very happy during those days and you listen to ABCD .. and one day X left you .. 

So when you play ABCD you will start to remember X as this song has been linked towards your emotions at that time.. 

So that music act as link between your Emotion & Thoughts..

Hope that helps ✅ Absolutely I'm sorry for what you're going through. I can feel you anguish and pain.

It's important to understand that even the most gifted & greatest psychics are typically 85 - 95% correct. It would be extremely rare almost impossible to be 100% each & everytime.

When we receive information from Spirit often times it comes through as a symbol, picture maybe a word. We have to interpret what it means then pass that along to you.

Example; I very gifted medium told me, during a reading, that my grandmother had come forward. She was showing him a painters pallet. He asked if I was an artist? I am not. He said she's telling you are. I repeated no. He asked do you want to be an artist, maybe water colors? Again I said no. He said she very insistent that you are a painter, but maybe it something you'll become interested in doing one day. 

I left feeling confused, kinda cheated in a way bc I felt someone had come through, but I wasn't for me. 

The next morning I headed over to a house we were remodeling. I walked into the empty house grabbed a paint brush, rag and paint to continue the painting we had been doing. In that very moment it hit me.. I'm PAINTING! I sat on the floor sobbing & laughing at the same time, called out loud to my grandmother.

So my point is the symbol he received he interpreted to mean I was an artist. Was the message he was given wrong? No. Was his interpretation wrong? Yes.

I'm not at all sure that I've explained this well, but I hope it helpful.

Something else to consider. You mentioned seeking out many readings. Do you think perhaps subconsciously you have a specific answer you're wanting to hear and without realizing it you keep seeking more answers,, but feel you not heard the right one yet??

I wish you well sweet soul. 💜🤍🙏 I find that bouncing from psychics even though I realize it's a common term because so many of us get bunched together can be very dangerous and disheartening for some people because they are looking for a specific answer which can lead them to anyone because they are desperate for closure and peace and that can lead for a psychic hunt I usually use the term spiritual advisor because my gifts encompass other things.  If they tell you they gave you a date with certainty it's very rare because you are working with " freewill" and other peoples choices that can and will change your outcome ... Some will tell you what you want to hear because they can sense your desperate need for closure and others will string you along over time. The first thing I tell a client is I am here to tell you what I see and what you ask but sweetheart I can not tell you what you simply want to hear because then I'm not helping you at all. Going to bunches of them is going to leave you confused, frustrated, and leave you feeling lost sweetheart ✨ if you are going to continue on your treck give yourself some time in between and ask yourself what is it that I really want to know and why. If the situation surrounds a great deal of grief Grief is a whole monster in itself. When you do this work you have to be able to treat the whole person not throw answers at them and go This is an old pet peeve of mine, and so I’ll share this with you for educational purposes. DO NOT SEE MULTIPLE READERS FOR THE SAME ISSUE. Things are very fluid and the more you poke the bear the more likely he will bite you. 

A thing to remember is a lot of factors go into what answer you get - your energy, that of the reader, and that of your mindset. So I’m very emotional situations you’ll probably get skewed predictions. They may not be impossible to be true, but will probably be less likely than if you were in a neutral mindset and energy. 

Second, the actions of the past influence the future. By getting a reading you change your mindset, which influences the next reading and so on, until the waters are so muddy the if k you’re getting is 100% useless It could be that the psychics you went to weren't actually psychic.

It happens. Not every psychic reader has any psychic ability... it's why cold-reading is so prevalent (and if they're cold-reading you, they're not psychic, they're just trying to scam you.) well you can ask for the information and meditate on the question.  We all have all these gifts its just about when then come on for each person is different so you do have these gifts but you need to work them like a muscle. You can also ask for the information in a dream or by a asking for a specific sign..take control of your reality and ho you get messages from spirit. Also psychics are not all pulling information from the same timeline is what is happening with you, what you need is the information from your highest time line / from the highest good for you as a being at this time. always set those intentions when asking for information or energy healing. The future is mutable. It changes everytime you look into it so yes, you're gonna get different answers each time.

You're looking for closure, and peace, and you're not gonna find that from a psychic, or anyone or anything. That's gonna from you. If it's meant to be then it's going to happen, regardless. Let it go. You’re the best psychic for yourself Stay positive & I suggest you listen to 528hz or 639 hz frequency and think through of the WHY you will gradually start to get some answer.. 

Just like a math problem, when we don't know how to solve we keep reading the questions repeatedly until we find a way to the answer ... Set up clear boundaries. It helps to write out a specific list of who can and cannot channel through. Once it’s written out, read it aloud. You may want to read it aloud each time before you meditate/channel for a while. You can and should have complete control over who you allow to channel through. Are you ok though? You are probably protected by spritual beings/God

Also you might have innate psychic abilities which allows you to have glimpse of the future..

Develop & Treasure it ✅

Use it to your advantage ✅

Don't talk about these to people who are not aligned as it could affect the development of the ability..

My Pov ✅ Become spritual,try to be a vegan lets say for a month vegan then next month eat what u want etc..
Vegan diet is best for our etheric body & our aura..

I suggest u listen to binaural beats such as 528hz ,639hz

Or chant mantra as per your deity with incense  one round  beads per day 

Or
You could wear gem stone as per Astrology chart & it will nurture & grow the abilities.. They usually get their affairs in order before the funeral and if all goes well, they cross over fully to the other side after the funeral.  It has been my experience that most deceased folks attend their own funeral which is why it is important for people to go.  As people who can hear folks on or near the other side, it puts us in a position where we can render aid to them by bridging the gap.  That being said, it is a two way street and folks on the other side of things can be full of helpful information regarding events over here.  Welcome to the club and feel free to dm me if you have any questions. Something similar happened to me. My grandpa died during COVID and didn’t want a funeral. A few of us went to say goodbye to his body before he was cremated. I told him goodbye and heard him say his goodbyes back, clear as day. I’ve tried to say hi to him afterwards and haven’t heard another reply. I had pre cognitive ability at 8 years old and then it went dormant for a number of years.  When I turned 22 it came roaring back along with other gifts.  It has been getting stronger since then and I am in my late 30's now.  In my case, trauma brings it out.  I was working as a 911 operator when I was 22 and all the traumas associated with that job intensified my abilities.  The interesting thing is that I have a low stress job now and my abilities keep getting stronger.  When I worked in emergency services, I used my abilities to save more than a few lives. Usually the mind starts to reach its final growth around 21 years, so let's say that after a few years of stabilization, around 25, you can start to get more and more awareness and control I guess I'm a late bloomer (35+). My change came when I was face to face with something I thought was impossible. I do recall winning cakes (many) at church picnics (roulette), repetitive dreams and felt different that everyone else in my pre-teens. 

However, from my teens on, I seemed to find trouble more than avoid it and I was closed off to the possibility so even when something would occur, I would just explain it away. I'll say I had a lot of growing to do before being made aware of my abilities. Same experience, not much if anything happened before 18-19 or so. After that, boom Not sure. I been seeing and doing everything when I was 5 years old my mom and family would tell me things. On what I did and tell them. But I still have answers I’m 25 years old. 😅 I saw stuff as a kid, it sort of stopped with random stuff every several years but in my 50s it all came back and then some.. Assuming she isn’t a fraud telling you what you want to hear (which is my default assumption about professional psychics until proven otherwise) there is a little issue with this kind of prediction. 

Predicting the future can lead to self fulfilling prophecy or even manifestation of the predicted future with sufficient focus and intent. It can also collapse the futures away from the desired or predicted future by either change your behavior or even instilling what is called “lust of results.”  This is where you focus so hard on the desire of a thing that you become subconsciously attached to the desire. This makes manifesting the desired outcome difficult. You just can’t let the desire go long enough for it to manifest. 

So can it be predicted? Probably. Though the farther away in time the harder to predict it becomes. 

Can obsessing over the prediction cause them to crash and burn? Yep. 

So basically, don’t worry about it. Trust your future fiancé to nail the timing and don’t worry about it so much. 

Did I mention don’t worry? That’s a loaded and tricky question. A reading is only ever advice from your reader based on their interpretation of the energies, at the moment in time of the reading, from their unique viewpoint, filtered through your readers knowledge, bias and experience. Any ‘predictions’ therefore are at best only probabilities based on those energies. And those energies change, they changed the day after the reading, they changed the week after, they changed since you wrote this post, and since I replied to it. The future is malleable. You have free will - and so does everyone else whose actions even slightly interfere with your own. 

That’s why no reader should ever give you any guarantees or assurances - we just can’t because it doesn’t work like that - and you should take any predictions with a mountain of salt. 

And also keep in mind that even the best of the best readers can’t boast 100% accuracy 100% of the time. We can be wrong. Maybe that was genuinely what we saw at the time of the reading, maybe we misinterpreted something, doesn’t mean we’re fakes, just that we’re human.

That said, some readers can make accurate future predictions. I don’t like dealing in predictions but I’ve had some pretty wild ones become scarily accurate. That happens too. I’ve also had some really accurate ones but the timing has been off, some by weeks, some by as much as a year. And everyone has had predictions that couldn’t have been further from what actually came to pass. 

So can a psychic predict something like a proposal? Yes, it’s possible, but I wouldn’t go and buy a wedding dress based purely on a psychic reading. Better for you to sit down and have a serious talk with your boyfriend about where you want and feel your relationship is going. > Can psychics predict events like this? 

Not with pinpoint accuracy.

It's likely that you were told what the psychic believed you wanted to hear. Sometimes the timeframe can get muddled.  It is important to be patient and not rush things.  Love usually strikes when you least expect it.  These sorts of predictions are far from an exact science.  Think of it as a heads up to be alert and receptive to a coming positive change.  We attract that which we project. I’m not an expert, but I’m just sharing my experience. I also had readings done that said June, June 22 to be exact. And that time has came and gone, and I’m still single. But…. A lot of other things have changed!!!! I figured out how to love myself, walk away from what I thought I wanted. So I’m thinking possibly, maybe the love I was searching for in my soul, was for myself . And maybe that was picked up in my readings. Yes, or it's best to assume that it'll happen on its own schedule and never reveal itself to you till it wants to.

I've been waiting for some things for years now and I can feel it's close, but none of my efforts have gotten me anywhere and it's probably time to just go without it for a few years longer. if ANYBODY can give u exact times/dates they're usually a fake. I'm assuming these readings were done a month or two in advance from June. most *psychics* predicts things that far in advance for 2 things

1) not thinking you will come back

2) to pump more info from u if u do come back and then tell u they meant something else.

for example-you will find love in October. then when it doesn't happen they will follow with *have u met anybody new? or any new changes?* and when u say yes then they say *i meant u will find love in urself, or new friendship r hobby r whatever it is NEW ur doing. Anyone who predicts a timeframe should have their word taken with a grain of salt. Timeframes change by the second and are rarely accurate. I generally have a difficult time with channeled information... and I've been doing this for a while now. I would be cautious about readers that offer you glimpses of everything you thought you wanted at the time. Everyone is psychic actually.they just need to tap into their power.It's been really long time I'm in this sub people always posting things like "am I....am I special??" God.you can tap into your powers that's great but please I hate this kind of attitude. The only people really trying to make it sound like something special are those working professionally as psychics. That’s part of their sales technique. Especially the ones who rely on cold reading instead of actual psychic ability. 

Here is my take, we don’t have a soul. We ARE a soul having a human experience. That soul is a spark of the divine. So it’s not that we have special interest from the divine. Rather those who are in tune are simply more open to and aware of the divine’s involvement. It’s still a completely normal and average level of interest on the divine’s part. 

I also see psychic abilities manifesting through intuition (regardless of which of the 4 clairs you have). Intuition is just your subconscious mind processing more things than you conscious mind can manage. So you aren’t aware of how you get the info or conclusion, but you get them nonetheless. 

So basically, being psychic (for real) is just allowing your innate divinity to work and you using your brain. Two completely natural things that we have romanticized these days thanks media and other factors. Being psychic does not make you better or worse than anyone else.  It can be a royal pain in the ass sometimes.  Human nature is inclined toward creating and clinging to labels.  There is no need to give what you are experiencing a specific name.  The best thing to focus on is learning how to develop and manage these abilities and to lead a healthy balanced life. I started journaling on my computer. I titled my document 'Awareness'. I have headings in which i date, then describe the scenario that may or may not be claircognizant (my gift).. then I rate it according to how spiritual vs logical I think my issue is..

Then, I can follow up and see how it plays out. By doing it on a document, I don't confide in another person, which can skew things up, but go only on intuition, claircognizance or find out it didn't take a rocket scientist and my issue was based on subtle but logical cues...

I have a few 'tests' to help me determine if a 'impression' is claircognizance or logic... First, how did the impression come to me? Second, how 'loud' was it? Third, what are any logical or reasonable facts or conclusions that could have led to this?

One example I have had:

   A friend shared with me that a family member was in remission from breast cancer. the thought "This is a temporary reprieve in her journey" came to my mind strong and clear. I don't know why I get these impressions, however I gave my friend support, but since that time, this cancer patient has been traveling down the path of unsuccessful chemotherapy, now radiation therapy .... everyone has psychic abilities it’s natural not a superpower it’s basic stuff people just forgot “Not I”, said the goose. I have the gift & simply don’t “tap” into. It gives me anxiety. Psychics and mediums wannabes are the worst... it´s also what we the see most around here. I´d say you have sensibility. I don´t see the need to lable what you are, you can be many things. The only tip I can give you, is to always pay attention to your mental health because the energy field of sensible people tends to be more vulnerable. It sounds like you’re being guided to do just that—explore your psychic abilities more. Don’t question it or overthink the journey, just follow the unfolding. ✨ When I went through something similar a few years ago, I read as much as I could get my hands on. One neat book that was easily digestible to start with is Sherri Dillard’s “Discover Your Psychic Type.” Feel what you’re guided to and what resonates with you the most. Yeah I know what you mean. For ages I was overwhelmed by all the things I was experiencing and when I finally accepted them for what they are, I now know I have these abilities for a reason. The reason can change and can take a while to realise what it is but at the end it's worth it. 

It sounds to me you are an empath (feeling people's energies of some level) and have clairaudience. You can have more than one of clair abilities so have a read on all of them and how to practise triggering them. I personally have clairvoyance (I had dreams of things that actually happened somewhere else in the world before it was announced in the news. And no I never dreamed of the future. It's either things in the past or present) and claircognizance. Claircognizance is the dominant clair ability for me as info just appears in my brain out of nowhere for example a friend getting a new job or breaking up with their partner while being abroad on the other side of the world. I knew about these and when I messaged them, I was asked how I knew as it happened 5 mins ago. I have a lot of deja vus which I now recognise as claircognizance and I'm no longer shocked when it occurs but it's sometimes difficult to explain to others how I know things who don't believe that these abilities exist. 

I believe everyone has these abilities in their subconscious brain but some people can trigger them naturally while some people need some practice or realisation they exist. I have the belief that “psychic abilities” (umbrella term) are actually a natural part of human  existence, but many people are unaware of them.

I think of psychic abilities as extra senses. Some people are more aware of here senses than others, but would have extreme difficulty describing these senses to another person, so it’s difficult to teach others how to experience these senses. However, it can be done.

The psychic abilities aren’t a gift at all, they are a natural part of the human experience. However, to have an awareness of them and being able to utilise them is something we should be grateful for. Some people are naturally amazing singers. Some people aren’t talented but get better with practice. But everyone has the ability (: Think of Hinduism, which acknowledges that we are each the divine vs. Christianity, which focuses on a one and only messiah narrative. I think many of us take on that mindset of "the chosen one" when we are all truly chosen by the divine, each for our own purpose. Psychic abilities are a manifestation of our unique connection to the divine. Here’s the truth no one wants to hear. Everyone wants to be psychic simply because that word is  the lowest form of human comprehension in the world that could be created with someone with ACTUAL supernatural gifts and everyone thinks they have them. Some people are actually shamans, gatekeepers, ancient beings, high priestess and etc. And then you have regular humans wanting to be “psychic”. Being called psychic for some people is so insulting because it’s barely scratching the surface of what some people can do. 
“Psychic” abilities are either given to people who have a role in the spiritual realm or have something specifically in their DNA. It’s such a ignorant comment when someone says “all of us have unawakened psychic gifts” which is completely false. All people have an intuition and a third eye and we all can astral project, not a gift.  And the ones who use “psychic” sometimes benefit off of peoples vulnerability in the situation they’re in. Tarot readers like to call themselves psychic as well when anyone can read cards. There’s a distinct difference between trying to act special and then actually being special. There’s not as many psychics as you think. The ones with extraordinary gifts are in hiding because some people don’t wanna be used as weapons by the government. People wonder why mermaids are in hiding and look at where the world is at in present time. Alot of people can’t comprehend they’re way more “psychic” gifts then what’s found on google. That’s for sure. If you are able to access other dimensions which are present here, you can experince different realities. When rules are not preventing flying, go fly. But everyone else is also flying in this other plane, so it is not something rare anymore. 

The so called "psychic" powers occur when your connection with any other dimension and this one is strong. This creates some type of an energy bridge and creates a possibility of totally foreign energies existing in this plane through you. Except some rare cases, the affects are usually visible only on other people and occurs especially when you have a close connection with them and if the other person is receptive to you. It is much rarer to see any affects on objects, animals, plants, places etc. because, you are human and your system is compatible with other humans by default. In a case where the energy brought is unable to live outside your body or mind, only you perceive the changes. In these cases we seek people who are having similar experiences. We use clues to express what kind of a thing we are having and if you express these to wrong people or have difficulties on expressing yourself, you may get tagged with insulting adjectives or mental ilness claims. We still seek help and call out because, why not one day find actual people who are actually accessing these unexpeted planes as us.

Calling any type of foerign energy good or bad is just a projection of our daily mind. The thing is less about intentions of an energy and more about the compatibility of an energy. For example, you find a new type but when you want to bring it in fully, bad experiences emerge. This only means that you are having synchronization issues. Horror is of course normal because, compatibility issues may go as dangerous as death or maybe even worse. Think about your head and your body having sycnronization issues, or your brain not being compatible to your hearth or organs etc. Things would get fucked up of course. Similarly, one type of energy may totally conflict with another one. Im not psychic.  Its overwhelming I just called it being tuned in. We all have the radio. Everyone IS a psychic though. I love how this post has 82% up vote rate, but the idiots talking about how they can speak to others souls if they touch the tip of their nose 5 times get close to 100% up vote rate 

This is probably the best post ever made in this sub which isn't saying much Everyone is psychic to a degree, just about honing in on it. Look into chakras if you want to increase your knowledge. i think that we are all intrinsically unique and connected infinitely. our journey and purpose are incomparable. just because we are different does not mean we have to tune into our ego and say we are superior. we are all special in our ways (:. that's what i think i also definitely think you are an empath. your ability to tune in is a gift but ik how draining it can be. i personally want to explore this myself and gain awareness of how this can empower me more.  I was literally talking about this with my boyfriend. He wants me to market my astrology services more but I am so into science and believe there is science and data behind astrology, yet there are so many people that are condescending and just "hey look at me" about their craft and "wisdom" about metaphysical sciences. I am very interested in science, medicine, and the idea that God/The Divine can be synonymous and in sync with these.. but I just don't want to be labeled a certain way or have it take away from other more widely respected subjects that I am good at.

&#x200B;

 He was explaining that there was this girl in school who dressed like a witch and had all of her stuff with her. I rolled my eyes. Not in judgment but it's such an obvious, "look how superior I am than you." It happens even within religion. There are people online who love to preach bout how they are a a"priestess" and they do not work for the client, and that the client cannot always get what they want. lmao like calm down Hocus Pocus. 

&#x200B;

 We all have natural and distinctive capabilities and we all have the ability to lean into this more unseen part of the world and bring it into fruition. No one is more or less special than anyone else in that regard. I have also noticed myself in particular I can read moments before they happen. I imagine there are so many people that this has happened to.

&#x200B;

 I was doing laundry the other day and I was outside in Chicago and was out on my back porch and saw this older lady on her back porch. I remember thinking to myself in my head it was so nice to see her. Because she is older and I lived at my apartment since start of pandemic and I have never spoke to her but she has kind of been like a "theme" in my life. She is very old so I remember smiling and thinking "It's so good to see her out right now enjoying the sun." I wanted to wave to her but I wanted to spare myself future awkward moments where I felt forced to have to wave and say hi to her. So I decided not to. Suddenly she waved at me and smiled from her balcony, and I smiled and waved back and was fascinated with that encounter. 

&#x200B;

 I am appreciative of the tools astrology has become over centuries that ancestors have developed. I have used astrology time and time again in my life and find it very accurate and practical. It's nature. I predicted Britney Spears' baby announcement a day before it happened prior to the Jupiter-Neptune conjunction in 2022. What I am getting at is, yes there are people that are in it for the shock factor or to feel superior, but many people are genuinely trying to explore and get more in tune with metaphysical sciences to learn more about the world and themselves, and this universe. Personally I want to discover what happens after we die, and I am on the search for truth, and truth that I can prove. Because if I can confirm that death in this realm is not the end, then who knows what progress can be made without the lingering fear and dread of death. 

&#x200B;

 Try to be open-minded, and maybe give some compassion to people who use it as a means just to feel that they have a role or some sort of purpose. Even the condescending spiritualists who just want to feel validated. Look at them as some cute kindergartener and you will grow less annoyed. lol human beings are hilarious little creatures (myself included) and I don't mean this in a God-Complex sort of way. There’s no such things as psychics The voices/images you see while falling asleep is actually totally normal and is called “hypnogogia”, a very common phenomenon to experience while falling asleep. I used to experience the **same exact** thing & mistake it as “visions” until I learned about hypnogogia and the odd effects that it can have on the human mind. 

That being said - having extremely vivid dreams can often be a sign of a gift. You mention having dreams where you receive messages from what you perceive as a higher power - could you elaborate on this a bit more? Also, have your dreams only recently taken on these meaningful aspects, or have you always had meaningful/coherent dreams? Do you have normal dreams with occasional meaningful ones, or do you have meaningful ones more frequently, or even always? I’m very interested by this, as I also have very vivid dreams and your experience sounds very similar to mine. As everyone is saying everyone is psychic BUT I get where you’re coming from. I think what you’re sensing is the ego and it is very real. The ego wants to be seen as psychic so it can feel special and get attention, as opposed to just being psychic and living life. I don’t think either are bad, the human experience is really complicated. I dont have to "feel" what my wife is thinking, I can actually hear her in my head at times asking a question to which I awnser out loud. I've done this well over 100 times. We have an intense connection and I believe we have been together before in a past life. I have strong feelings. And when I know something is wrong I tell him not to go or warn him. So far I'm right. And he will call me or text me when something is wrong. I've read about this happening but have not experienced it yet. Congrats on having such an intimate relationship. Have you had conversations telepathically? In my experience talking to animals I hear what they are saying as a voice in my head in English.

FYI: r/Telepathy It happened with someone I used to date who I was close with. Crazy stuff. Is both being mentally and emotionally unstable made it an absolute roller coaster but still interesting I describe my ability as 'claircognizant'... I 'know' things... things about other people, other's walk in their journey in life... For me it's difficult as I'm not always sure if it isn't my own mind thinking to myself. 

I wish to cultivate this gift simply for my benefit and other's if helpful. Right now, I'm determined to keep it to myself because others think I'm nuts. I'm not sure whether we are twin flames but have it with one of my female friends all the time! We even play telepathy games sometimes! It is the common trait that all humans have where they can sense when they are being watched by another person. The biological phenomenon is known as “gaze detection” or “gaze perception.” Neurological studies have found that the brain cells that initiate this response are very precise. If someone turns their gaze off of you by turning just a few degrees to their left or right, that eerie feeling quickly fades. thought transmission Does it happen with everyone or has it happened with some specific people? Where you place your focus is where you place your energy.

If your mind (not your eyes) is focused on something/someone it can be felt.  
This tho requires just a glimpse of clarity from the other party. this is an example of "The Law of Attraction" practice grounding and aura clearing, usually done while meditating and intentionally throughout the day. it’s easy to take on others energy when you’re around them or interacting with them. having a strong, clean aura will strengthen in protection around you. regular grounding will neutralize and release any energy that does get trapped in your aura. [deleted] A psychic shield should keep most foreign energies out of your systems. And regular grounding should address any that slip through.

EDIT: though I've read somewhere that this is a natural process... as in, us taking on the energies of the people around us. It might leave you feeling groty though so grounding and shielding ought to give you some peace of mind (and cleansing will also help.) Belief is a powerful thing.

There are various methods of warding against spirits from different cultures that you could use for her room and your home. Whatever you choose, I recommend involving your daughter in it. I think it's harmless even for a non-believer to go "okay sweetheart, here's a magic stone that can keep the brown lady away" and putting a piece of black tourmaline or some amethyst (there are some cute carvings I've seen over on eBay of amethyst fairies) on her bookshelf.

The symbol might be scary for her so I'd hide it, but the evil eye is strongly coming to me for protection in this case.

You can also make a 'monster spray'. Put a piece of black Tourmaline into a spray bottle, add some white glitter (what little girl doesn't love glitter?), and charge water under moonlight or sunlight, whichever resonates more. Add a few drops of lavender essential oil or peppermint. Spritz from the bottle into her room/on her bedding when you tuck her in at night. To help her personalize it and feel part of it take her to get some stickers that she can put on her bottle. The really important part here is the ritual of it - make it with her, have her involved in it so her own power charges it and she knows that there's a feeling of safety from these things. Hi,
Hope everything is okay.

I use to see spirits when I was younger but it goes away so don’t worry too much about it. I was around her age when I started seeing them but you have to remind her that nothing can hurt her and that you’ll always be there for her. My parents would put Quran that would be on repeat in all our rooms to get the encounters to stop and it did. But I know everyone’s religion and beliefs are different so you do whatever feels right🙏🏻 Both of my sons (3 & 5) are very connected to the spirit world and as I’m understanding and learning more, the newest-to-earth-in-this-lifetime souls are. We smudge weekly or when we feel led to and I have my kids do it with me. We also take energy cleansing baths (1 cup sea salt/Himalayan salt, crystals, fresh fruit, herbs) when either one of the kids seems to be going through something or experiencing more activity. 
I have also taught them both to put their “protection bubbles” around them when they feel nervous or scared. Have them envision themselves in a bubble that is emitting bright white light. Nothing bad can happen inside that bubble- they are protected from anything and everything. You can make it into a game even! 
As others have said, keep an open conversation and believe what she sees and has to say. 
Everything will be ok! My daughter just came to me crying 2 nights ago as well, she’s 12. She saw a manlike shadow next to her bed, she went to the bathroom and she saw what she described at lights in there. She sketched it for me and it looked like symbols in my opinion. 
I myself have been dealing with these spirits/demons for a few years. They keep being sent to me. They just try to annoy me and bring chaos into my life and problems. The more and more it happens the stronger I become and they leave me alone . 
I spoke to my daughter and told her not to be afraid, they can’t curt us. I was as open as I could be with her for her age. Did not want to overwhelm her. She slept with me that night and last night she slept in her bedroom again as if nothing happened. Best thing you can do is teach her not to be frightened of them. Children learn by how adults act. Don’t convince her she’s not there, acknowledge that she sees the spirits, and reassure her they mean her no harm, and they just are curious to talk to her / see her because normally, people can’t see them. 

The best thing to do is not to be scared of them. They can feed off that energy. If they’re bothering you, tell them politely this is your home and you’d like them to leave. If they’re quiet and don’t bother you, just leave them be. I personally feel like most of them just want people to acknowledge that they see them Lots of good advice here. I’m also wondering if you could hire a medium to come and talk with Ms. Walpole and maybe help her cross over. Or at least communicate to her that she needs to stop scaring the little one. I’m Pyschic medium clairvoyant. Reading this story gave me goosebumps. That’s Spirit giving me conformation it’s truth. The best thing u can do for ur little girl is not to dismiss her. She wasn’t scared so the lady was a nice spirit. The spirit wants to say hi. You’ll have to take each day as it comes. I can feel Ur daughter is very sensitive. I’m picking up she’s very close to u. Like I say. For us children that see things. The nicest and kindest thing is to be believed and accepted. I hope that’s helpful. The spirit lady is still attached to her home. 🤍 When I was a child I would see spirits and shadow people all the time. Best thing you can do is listen to her, validate her, and let her know if she ever gets scared to pray, pray that the light touches them and they’ll go away. Nothing. No need to be worried. Spirits will make themselves visible to children for a variety of reasons. The best thing for this type of entity is for you to acknowledge them, to say "hi there, we are here for peaceful purposes, this is our family, we are kind" and sort of wave *goodbye* to them. You could sage the house, get the house all smoked up, every corner nook and cranny.  It will stink for a while but it should calm things down Talk to her and explain things. She will understand. She will be a mentor because she sees spirits. I was like this myself as a child. My grandmother and father helped me understand. They helped me know that spirits are not dangerous.

If you’re not sure how to treat this join the r/mediums group and ask questions. They can help and support you. do not force them to sin. spirits are awesome if you know how to talk with them. remember they appreciate perfection :) Take them to an experienced physiatrist to rule out possible hallucinations and make sure nothing else is going on. Although, sounds like she is really in touch with a sprit. If you rule phyc issues out, be honest with them, they have a gift and they need to learn how to interpret those interactions. Help them to know coming from a place of understanding why the spirit  needs to be contscting them will help lessen the threat. Maybe even help give them the strength to get rid of it.

It's rare the child is scared. If they have that gift. It's just how they understand the world. Prolly let them know, not everyone has it or will understand. So it is concerning she is scared. Particularly if this is the first time. Could be a negative sprit. If that is the case you need to change the fungsway of the place and practice positive energy affirmations. (I am clairvoyant and find that if I am focused on negativity or when I had toxic roommates activity would happen v. Having a clean, copacetic home nothing would happen)

Also, maybe reach out to other credible adults with that gift to help give them some advice. Weird idea but - have you considered playing gregorian chants (catholic) at night? Christ Jesus and psychiatrist. Read John 3:16-18, teach your children about belief in son of God = eternal life and forgiveness and friendship with our heavenly father. Also, your child may be hallucinating- see a psychiatrist. Dont encourage them to seek out spirits.evil spirits can come after you and your child.but Christ can protect you of course, he's bigger and more powerful than all of them combined and on your side of you believe in him :) peace be with you It is not insane at all.  This is perfectly natural.   A long time ago, all people were far more in tune with the worlds around them.  It appears that things are shifting back to the way they used to be.  I had insomnia for a few years and take doctor prescribed medication to sleep.  When we first start having psychic experiences it can be a bit shocking and hard to adjust.  Eventually with enough time and experience, you will learn to accept this aspect of yourself and it will be your new normal. No i don't get visions, cuz i m kinda insomniac and overthinking all the time which inturn don't lemme have visions so i m all on it. My thoughts gives me immense out of the world experience. So wat i usually do is make a note and try to connect maybe multiple visions wud have the answers. Yup will do I do not get visions regularly. I do have a story:

Many years ago, I was praying/meditating on the issue of a freind whom I had doubts about. I was concerned about authenticity, pretense, manipulation, etc.

As I was in prayer/meditation, I saw a beautiful woman approach me. I was so glad to see her as she was a friend, you know, the kind you need when you just seperated from your husband and were looking for support and connection to new people.

As she approached me, I noticed that her dress flipped open at the skirt and I glimpsed her leg for a moment. It was scaley, thick skinned and brown. Then I noticed her face and hair, changing before my eyes from lovely and smooth to ugly and wrinkled, monstrous.... Her beautiful dress fell off and she really was a monster.. 

Turns out, she was all the bad things you don't want in a new friend. I ended that friendship and was better off. I learned to look at obvious red flags and not dismiss them. The 'vision' was, in my opinion a warning that many women, including myself  wouldn't have needed if they were not vulnerable. Visions can be potent.  If you study with an experienced person, you can learn to control them. Spirit showed you their true heart and their potential so you, as a friend, could encourage them. Your belief in your friend will help them understand their own potential as well. It is a wonderful thing, a friend once helped me believe in myself. I am forever grateful to her. Bless you, babe, keep up the good work! You should try teleporting to the moon for that sweet kryptonite and then use your super powers to shoot lasers out of your eyes Nobody controls your intuition. Your intuition is the cumulative knowledge of all infinity, it's your direct connection to the universe. 

It is your inner self. It is your soul, timeless and infinite glimpsing itself in that moment. Your intuition is a deep knowing without knowing how you know. Lol Another name for intuition is the subconscious.  Our senses perceive way more than we are consciously aware of.  Things in our peripheral vision, sounds and voices in the background, micro facial expressions, subtle changes in voice tone, smells from afar.  Our subconscious gathers and stores massive amounts of information all the time.  We would be overwhelmed if we had to consciously acknowledge all that information so we are only consciously aware of the important things or whatever it is we are focussed on at any one moment.  However all the information we harvest both consciously and unconsciously is stored and is retrievable.  This has been tested and proven.  Under hypnosis you have total recall, under hypnosis you can recall details and information that you were at first not aware of consciously.

Having studied psychology for a great number of years.  I’m a freelance body language analyst.  A certified hypnotherapist, an accredited CBT practitioner and…a tarot reader, IMHO Intuition has nothing to do with the universe, it isn’t being psychic, it’s not telepathy. It has nothing to do with auras or any of that nonsense.  Intuition is a natural cognitive function.  Intuition is accessing, listening and acknowledging signals and messages from the subconscious. Your intution is part of your soul…. your soul emulates colors which is your aura,  your soul is your guide and your absolute biggest cheerleader for life,  what is important is that your clairs - Clairsentience- clairvoyance- Claircognizance etc.. all come from the soul.. you can not be who you are without your soul…. So maybe some teaching will help you …   One thing that may help is that your spirit and soul work together….. so the spirit is the spark and the soul is the engine… you need both to live… your spirit provides the spark to the soul and the soul is the dedication and the strength to get you through your life… much love and comments appreciated It could be described, if it at all helps, as a version of you. You as a being can strengthen it or attempt to by exercising it. Mind game if you will with verification. The spiritual body or creativeness tapping into the analytical for processing and receiving. Intuition is different from intelligence. Your inner self controls it. sounds like you experienced astral projection. it’s easy to do when you also experience sleep paralysis. side note- when these things are happening, your body is asleep but your brain/mind awake and functioning in that realm. breathing quickly will trigger your brain to wake up your body in case something is wrong. great trick to use if you can’t wake up out of sleep paralysis. on the flip side, if you are experiencing any of these things including lucid dreaming intentionally and want to continue, keep your breathing regular so you don’t wake up. It’s just the energy around specific body parts, their chakras. Mouth could be sacral or throat, eyes third eye, etc. You could talk to your higher self. I just say to myself "I connect now with my higher self for communication" and then thank my higher self after I've used the pendulum. By what you feel around it. Does it make you feel negative emotions, maybe uncomfortable physical sensations, do you just have a bad gut feeling about it? These are all common indicators No need to check.  Properly cleanse the object of what is on it and any bad energies attached to it will be gone.  There are a number of ways to cleanse an object.  You can bury it in the ground for a time.  You can submerge it in a natural stream of running water or the ocean.  You can also bury it in salt.  The author Scott Cunningham wrote a number of useful books and one in particular regarding crystals and metals that covers these procedures. "the way you are is not a mistake" I was in a really dark place a couple months back and I was saying horrible things to myself and my guide kept repeating “you are so loved “ over and over again. It’s the one thing that has stuck with me since . I appreciated my guide so much for that because for once I truly believe that I am loved . “You are so much stronger than you know, you have so much more potential than you realise. Believe in it and believe in yourself. Take back your power and be authentically and unapologetically who you were meant to be. Nobody and nothing can ever take that from you, only you can block yourself and only you can set yourself free. You never make mistakes, you only learn lesson, and you are always exactly wherever you are meant to be” “Don’t be so harsh on yourself”. They keep reminding me of that. You are a light in the illusion. "Every life matters and every life is important." 

\-Metatron “You can’t fix everyone.” If I’m overwhelmed I always get “slow it down in your mind, take it one thing at a time. You can.” “As you take action on your path all the rest will fall away with ease”- on addiction 1) "We are all sparks of the One Flame, we are the Universe experiencing itself."

(We are all a part of the Divine, to know others is to know yourself.)

2) "You have chosen to live this life as you are, because you have the strength to meet these challenges."

(Basically, I chose "hard mode" because 'I haz the skilz'.)

3) "There is no source of infallible knowledge, every entity you meet is limited by their own boundaries and therefore cannot tell you everything with certainty."

(Only the One Flame, Divinity, the Universe... however you identify the Unity of All... has infinite infallible knowledge.
All the sparks separated from Source, do not have either infinite knowledge or infallible knowledge, and may not have access to either.

That's not just us Earthly beings, it counts for our guides and Angels as well.

That's *not* saying our guides don't have knowledge that we don't, but a reminder we may have knowledge that they don't.

Vast knowledge and wisdom still isn't infinite.

Or another way of saying it: the more you know, the more you're aware that you don't know.)

4) "His"  name: Trechor Flameheart.

(It "means" or "translates" into "Three Hearts, Burning Passion".)

5) Worrying about being a man attracted to other men is silly.

(This one I don't remember a direct quote for.)

What he explained to me is that since we are all just souls "trapped" in an earthly vessel, our bodies don't matter.

We are who we are not because of our plumbing but in spite of it.

While you might be drawn to an attractive presentation, a pretty package won't hold your interest if you don't like the contents.

I've found that true: my eyes may be drawn to a handsome man, but if he's a shithead I lose all interest.

Enough rambling, I'll leave this here. “Fear is a human concept. It doesn’t exist” 
“The brightest will always attract the darkest” “Why do you let people keep you from doing what you love?”

“The Eagle is your guide.” Just be patient, in regards to fulfilling my musical pursuits. And also "keep going, you have the strength, everything is going to be just fine" while going through terrifying health concerns.

It is amazing to feel the love  ❤ “Feel it and be free”.

I went through a rough break up. The grief would hit in waves. And every time a wave of pain would crash into me, threatening to swallow me whole or pull me under, my guides would say, “feel it (the grief, the pain) and be free”. 

Free of him, free of the pain and toxicity of the relationship, free of the endless cycle of devaluation, discarding, hoovering, and reconciliation, only to go through it all over again, for seven years. Finally I was free. But I had to feel the pain and not succumb to it, not go back to him just because it hurt. They were right. Sex is spiritual and to not let my body be used. "What if you didn't have to change who you are or how you feel at all? What if you don't need to dismiss any of that because it is real, it is in fact true and real to you. But, would it hurt to just change the way you tell your story? Without changing your experience at all, just change how you've told the story to yourself." “You are not alone. You were never alone.” "Share the light". Reminded me that I came here to serve. And the best way to do that is to fill up my cup first, even if it looks selfish or apathetic to others.

Also, the best way to heal the world is to heal yourself. It creates a subtle domino effect. “You’ve always been good.” 
As I was in a healing session regarding religious trauma. Be patient. It's all coming together exactly as it should. “Nothing is as it seems” The root of all compassion is recognizing others' pain. Even when a person commits a terrible act, they have pain. In this way we can have compassion for all. We have compassion for their pain. Not their act.

When we recognize others' pain and show compassion in even the smallest ways we alleviate pain and spread peace. This is how we find joy; through the service of compassion and the act of expressing it. ‘You don’t need school or books, you need to learn how to connect’ (I was considering grad school and asked why I’m having trouble studying for entry exam) Love how all your guides have so amazing things to say meanwhile mine say things like „you are better than this“ „get your head in the game“ and my favourite „bitch“

It’s all good that’s my way of communicating so they just tell me how I need it to understand. Just thinks it’s funny. Love them anyway. "What you see is a reflection of your own energy. What do you *wish* to see? Where are you choosing to look?"

"It is what you make of it."

I don't normally hear her, but I heard this while in sleep paralysis once as if whispered right in my ear:

"I looooove you\~"

So simple, and such a sweet gesture. “Seek first the kingdom” or the awareness of God as All things and to me this means make this the focus of life and then life falls into place naturally That this world is a bridge between other places. That life is a light in the darkness. I can't add anything here that I am aware of. I met someone off of reddit a couple years ago who 'knew' hidden things about me and claimed to be my 'guardian angel'. He had old books, spoke about sacred geometry and told me I have 'abilities' that he'd teach me to use.

He had a FB page and after he disappeared, I went over his FB posts and about a year before I met him, he changed, and his FB friends pointed it out. He started talking about paranormal stuff. The call to me about a week before his disappearance (off FB too and people are asking where he went but no reply), was with him freaking out about a federally marked car riding close to where he lived.

No one has heard from him since December 2020. I'm not sure who or what he is or became but he had some gifts. "knowledge is intrinsically powerful. Ignorance is futile" "Nothing I ever told you, and will tell you is a lie. That doesn't mean however that it is the truth.
Existence is to vast, and reality to frickle, for absolutes.
Learn to see the vicissitudes of life, to adapt your ways of perceiving how your story unfolds." "There are no chains."

Bit you need some background to understand 

My experience with my psychic abilities has been traumatic in many ways. I get a feeling of pain in my chest, throat closed, a feeling of incoming death and doom. Then someone dies in a traumatic way.

One time I this feeling as my mom was about to leave for work. For the first time I knew who was it directed to. I begged her not to go. She went anyway. In the hospital she worked at some ahole mixed random substances in a bottle and left it laying around. My mom opened that bottle and the fumes kicked her out. She couldn't breathe. No medicine was working, even adrenaline. She felt she was dying. She felt black tendrils invading her body then, all of a sudden, a wave of green healing energy that pushed back the tendrils and healed her. She began to breathe again and recovered.

It was me. Even though I blocked astral projection because I was scared of it, at some point I traveled to her. I saw her laying down in the hospital emergency room, I saw her suffering, I knew she would die. I threw all I had at her, green healing energy to save her.

When I found out that I had saved her, I felt guilt raising to my chest. So I could have saved all these other people? They died because of me? For years I tried building walls. I didn't want to know, I didn't want to feel it, ai didn't want to fail other people.

I started working through my feelings, have done lots of work and I'm still figuring it out, peeling down one wall at a time, when an owl started showing up in my meditations. The owl was there to guide me to the being that allows me to have these abilities. But I couldn't fly with them. I just couldn't. 

I met a medium in absurd circumstances and she told me she saw a woman near me that gave her three messages. There are no chains was her last message. It changed my perspective. All the walls, the fears, all of it...I created for myself and was only my doing. There is nothing actually holding me but myself. I'm still working through it, I'm 9 months pregnant and it seems that we've hit the pause button expect for a few things. But I'm looking forward to working through these feelings, free myself and find out what these abilities actually entail and what I can do with them.

So far I know that they're stemming from Hecate, and I'm connected to her from previous lives, where I helped like I'm supposed to do now. We'll see That they are all thought forms but so are we that we really are all one,  but a aspect of everything that within us is the macrocosm and we are the  microcosm to existence we should never feel alone we simply need to be aware of our connection to those we love and those who love us because its a part of us that our awareness can be a blessing or a curse its up to us. It's more about what you are looking for and find. So if you had to look, what would you look for? To solve all problems the answer would do. Love is the answer and solution, it can even be felt. We will always accept you for who you are and we are very proud of you You don't have to be a channeler to receive clear messages from your guides

Also channeling is dying out now because the information coming thru isn't anywhere near 100% accurate "You felt stuck for so long.. because you were meant to pop up at the exact right time." The most powerful form of service is creation. The more powerful the creation, the more powerful the service. You chose your family. The families you were born into were not a mistake no matter your experience. This wasn’t my guide but while speaking with them through a pendulum and letter circle. I got a message saying “Do you like the robot voice?” I knew this wasn’t my guide because they know I always have Reddit text-to-speech videos on in the background. I say “I’m sorry but I’m not ready to talk to anyone who’s not my guide or higher self, but yes I do like the robot voice”. The pendulum says “I like fat bong rips”. I laughed so hard and immediately knew it was the guy who overdosed in my house before I bought it. When I moved in I would constantly smell weed. I thought it was my roommate (who didn’t smoke). The last time I smelled it was so strong that I threw open his door yelling “ARE YOU SMOKING WEED IN HERE?!” He jumps up and says “I thought YOU HAVE BEEN SMOKING WEED!” We both freaked out because the smell went after a few seconds after we acknowledged it. Anyways, that’s how I found out he was a good spirit and helped protect my house. “They are your coven” "Casually explained: Reddit is the same user pretending to have multiple accounts."

and the "Game over! you are dead now :)" Sounds like you are doing just fine so far.  Psychometry can be interesting.  I am curious as to what got you started in the first place? Good going. Just make sure you are not pushing yourself too much to do anything. Go slow and steady but not too slow lol. I had this happen yesterday I was staring at seltzer water considering getting it then ten feet from me in a line two woman started talking about seltzer water. It was really weird. So you’re not the only person this happens to. I’m not sure how it happens with strangers but I have had relatives project thoughts to me and me to them recently as well. I’ve accidentally projected a cuss word at someone before too. I felt horrible about that. I was in a restaurant once and the waitress asked me what I wanted.  I had been thinking strongly about the salad with grilled shrimp and red wine vinaigrette dressing, but verbally ordered the prime rib special.  She then brought me the exact salad that I had been strongly considering.  I told her that was not what I ordered, but I had been thinking about this exact salad so I would be ok keeping it.  I could tell that she was upset and knew that something odd had happened.  I left a big tip and thanked her for the great salad.  It sometimes unnerves people when they learn that their thoughts can be heard or that they can hear the thoughts of others.  Be alert to see if it happens again and if it does then you will have your answer. Nothing is a coincidence. You were picking up on her thoughts. If she said it right after, you were having the same thought simultaneously. I personally have difficulty with this kind of encounter.

First, I do document this interaction on my computer to think about whether or not it was truly physic or not.

I would say that it appears to be that there was a connection of thoughts about the ice cream melting. On the other hand, in the every day world of people waiting in line to purchase something like ice cream, it would be normal and non spiritual for any person to think 'the ice cream is going to melt".... Sounds like thought transmission to me. Nothing is a coincidence we are all divinely connected 1st pls don’t think this is your fault or his mothers fault 2ndly someone needs to explain how BC works to this man and 3rdly if he still won’t stop being paranoid- he needs to grow some balls and I mean that with as much love and compassion as possible. He clearly doesn’t understand the female body nor how BC works. And if you STILL got pregnant which is 1000% unlikely it would be miracle. 
Also visions can subjective. There could have been a turning point in your relationship with him and his mother saw very far into the future. Pregnancy vision could also mean new things are coming and will come fruition. It can mean the conception of new jobs, new relationships, interest etc. A pregnancy vision is not just subjective to physical pregnancy. To me personally I would say it’s a vision regarding the depth of the relationship and could very well be a far future event. Your bf needs to relax and not be paranoid. He can have a vasectomy! Problem solved! Is the boyfriends mother aware you're infertile. Maybe an adoption in the future that you accept as your own. Maybe a surrogate. Perhaps this is not helpful, I don't mean any disrespect; but this is an example of why I don't share my 'claircognizance' impressions with people...

I'm sure MIL meant well and may be looking forward to grandchildren however, it is not her business whether or not you are infertile, will become pregnant or whatever.

I jot these impressions on a computer document and follow to see what happens. I think this kind of revelation is meant only for the person who receives it.... If it does become true, there may be a temptation for MIL or anyone to  think.."See, I knew it".... It could be that the mother saw what she wanted to see (grandchildren in her future.) I would say that was likely your higher self telling the intrusive thought to go away. And perhaps a message for you to let go of this crush or jealousy to some degree. Clearly seeing this post and knowing your crush is with someone else doesn’t help or benefit you in any way. Go away, is there a trip you have been thinking of taking by chance?

Perhaps Go away is a message to get away for a bit to relax and maybe disconnect from social media.
Might seem harsh but I'd recommend delete or at the least temporary block this person, so you can have a more clear focus of other things and people around you. I’ve been in this position more than once, never revealing until after to the crush, instead turning it into a symbol of how I want to love myself. To become the version of me that I deserve... even though it started as becoming the version of me that I’d deem good enough. My guides have come through in my most desperate times, grab hold and meditate in. Ask questions and take note of how it feels It’s OK to have crushes on people who are inaccessible in this life. You probably know her spirit. She may even be in your spirit group. There will be a someday. Anxiety is said to manifest sometimes as recurring dreams (which if you've been feeding the anxiety with more anxiety about the dream's possible meaning, is probably going to get worse.)

Sometimes dreams are just dreams. Not everything is a sign and not everything has to be a sign. I used to have dreams like that.  They ended when I practiced lucid dreaming.  The scenarios would repeat until I became aware I was dreaming. I sent you a message. I might have some answers for you. As long as you make clear (by saying it out loud if you like) that no entity is allowed in your house without your express permission, and as long as you are not afraid, you should be ok. I know it can be hard to not be afraid sometimes, but negative entities feed on fear. They cannot hurt you, so there is no reason to be afraid. It can be helpful to do something ridiculous when you feel scared, like a silly dance or voice or face. It sounds weird lol but nothing drains fear and the power it has over you like laughing does IMO. 

Also I did a sage cleansing on my house once when things were getting really bad, my kids were afraid every night and kept seeing the same entities i was, even though i didn't tell them about it. Since the sage, things have been totally normal. My kids can sleep at night. It may be a placebo effect, like all that really matters is your intentions and will power of thought, the sage is just a tool to help you believe and visualize protecting your home from negative energy. Understand that wherever you are, there will always be spirits around you. Some for your protection. Angels are always present to assist us in the spirit realm against attacks aimed to take us down. 

Through meditation, you become more sensitive to that realm. You’re going to be okay as long as you don’t attempt to communicate with any of these entities. It is quite often that if you can accurately detect the presence of another spirit other than your own, sometimes they get happy and encouraged, and want to reach out to you for communication. 

This is highly spiritually dangerous, so I don’t advise you to attempt to communicate with them. They could be deceased persons, or some other spirit. You may, or may not know them. If you ever feel harassed by them, just tell them sternly to leave. For the most part, I don’t think they want to hurt you. But you must claim your space and ground. Ask for protection when you feel vulnerable like this. I ask God every day for protection and thank Him every day for protecting me. I also like to ask Archangel Michael for protection. It’s very cool when I ask Archangel Michael because not only does he protect me but I channel his response to me - my head nods. Protection.

I smudge and create protection in my prayers. Look for a guide to this online. We all make mistakes, that is how we learn.  Sage works very well to cleanse a space.  I used to put rock salt at my door thresholds and window sills once I cleansed my space with sage.  Salt can act as a good barrier to unwanted spirits.  Another substance that blocks them is iron that has been properly charged, but that is a bit more complex in nature. Lol Good to see. I reply with, if you actually knew what the fuck you’re doing, you’d know I don’t need you. At all. Wait for a reply so I know they saw it and block and report them. 

I found one that has multiple accounts and weirdly talks differently between each account. The names are similar tho. I ask and yeah, alt account. Thanks for the info so I can block you all!

Thanks for the message! This thread is now CLOSED. Please see the updated one. Thanks! Trying to practice more, offering free readings(3 people) :) Hello Everyone,

   I'm offering readings for a few folks tonight! If you're interested in a reading please feel free to PM me! These of course are free but I'm only going to do a few! Let me know if you'd like one! ☺️ I can do love, family, and money readings as well as what's to come readings! Have a lovely day! 

Light to you! 🌙
Vixova [deleted] [removed] Offering free readings today :) I am an intuitive reader with years of experience. I offer a variety of readings (Yes-No, timing, tarot, oracle). Check out my profile to see some reviews and past readings (to get a view of my style). [removed] [removed] [removed] [deleted] Hey y'all, offering free readings to whoever would like✨ Will pull one or two cards for you. Send me a message 🔮 [removed] [removed] [removed] [removed] [removed] [deleted] [deleted] [removed] [removed] Some call them agreements, some call them contracts. I believe we have friend groups in the afterlife, we constantly reincarnate with most of these same friends. Sometimes we may only see them once in passing, but it triggers a feeling of knowing and something new to come along in our paths. If this unknown one kid and not the group struck you like this, then yes this could be y'alls little arrangement and what sparks your awakening. Trust what your gut and heart say before your brain. Keep going. I’m thinking this is one of the spirits that you have decided to connect with before you came into this life. You have probably been together through many lifetimes. You can let him go because you will see him again. I'm not saying your feelings are wrong and I've definitely felt connected to someone I didn't meet before their death (it was a different case - it was someone who committed suicide and I kind of saw their body... It shook me very much). 

But also be mindful and open to the idea that it may not be that same person at all (maybe a trickster spirit, maybe another kind of entity... Maybe - I'm always open to this as well and I think we all should - it's just your emotions). 

In my case I was able to get a lot of confirmation from what that spirit showed (I didn't see if it was a male or female body because it was covered, but I felt a female energy. I felt that the person was older and alone... And it was all confirmed when I was able to talk to someone - alive - who knew her). 

If you can't get that confirmation, I wouldn't dig deeper. I don't mess with spirits I don't know. Even in that case I sent that person a lot of love, lit a candle for her and parted ways. The only spirits I allow in ars my family members (i don't put guides in the same category as spirits). I’ve heard lots of stories about children being naturally more sensitive than adults, because they’re closer to the veil or because everything is so new to their lives. Since you have a family history of these gifts (which, if they’re hereditary, are typically passed through the maternal line), I wouldn’t be surprised if your daughter has inherited some of your abilities! 

Also, according to some folklore, a 7th daughter or son is naturally blessed with exceptional healing abilities. Fun fact since you mentioned six aunts. I used to get the occasional ringing which is kind of annoying.  For me, it progressed to hearing entities speak fluently.  Many psychic gifts are hereditary in nature.  I am of the opinion that most anyone can learn to develop psychic ability.  It is nice to see that you are accepting of your gifts and eager to move forward with them. I have experienced something similar this a few times in such a state. Music or lyrics i havent ever heard before in my waking life Yes, it was extremely beautiful I am a Death Doula. We use harp music to help the spirit leave the body and transform. Music is extremely good for the soul Yes! Many times 💕 I have had this happen as well and made a post about it. Apparently it happens often. YES.   I heard beautiful melodic singing like from the heavens.  Around the same time, I heard a child's voice calling me "Mooom".  I was told it was the spirit of a baby I miscarried soon afterward.  Several years later I ended up giving birth to her :) [removed] This is intriguing to me! I may need to get a board soon. Silly question and please forgive my ignorance, but are these boards the same as ouijji?  I used ouija in the past with extremely accurate results, but was advised to never use one again, so I haven’t. Learn Tarot and do readings.  At the start use the textbook meanings for the cards.  I use the Rider Waite Radiant deck.  As you become proficient allow your intuition to come through.  Listen to the little voice at the back of your mind. Speak out loud what it tells you.  That’s when your readings with become more accurate and you’ll know and say things that you couldn’t possibly have known. I knew someone would die my eighth grade year. I wrote long journal entry on my dear friend and sobbed. Had feeling in lot of my stomach constantly. She died not long after.

I could never see my sister as an adult. She was only 16 when she died.

Intuition is an art not a science. I think it’s very important to listen to your gut. We could predict the future about as accurately as our weathermen do.

Everyone has intuition. The way to enhance it is to use it more. To use it more pay attention to your surroundings and the voice you hear in your head. "When you learn to silence your mind, you'll listen to them."  


Qui-Gon-Jinn to Anakin Skywalker, about midichlorians.  


Intuition is always speaking to us, but in a very subtle way, not only through the voice in our head, but also through feelings and sensations, through images, sometimes through music, and our minds are so constantly busy that we just ignore our intuition by being worried about future events or past experiences.   


If we learn to silence our mind, through meditation, presence/mindfulness, or breath exercises, to name a few ways, you'll become better at noticing all the ways your intuition speaks to you. The hardest part is to follow that intuition, because it sometimes asks us to do things that appear insane or irrational, sometimes everyone will think your out of your senses, but that is another sign you're now being guided by it. What helped me a lot was meditating twice a day (10min)
Not to much because you don't want to strain yourself.
But thinking about nothing is like a portal for your intuition. Normally our thoughts follow up on each other, but when you manage to think about nothing, even for a few seconds at first, you create a small space for "spontaneous" ideas and thoughts.

When i progressed i meditated right before falling asleep when is was already in bed.
And this allowed me to see faces and visions.
But only for a split second still. When i realize its there its already gone. But its been a fun and exciting journey so far 👍🙂 Keep records. intuition is not about predicting the future, (that is called precognition, btw future vision),,,, intuition is like your inner guidance spiritual navigation system. one of the things I have been recently reviewing about my life (mid life review) is that if I had just always followed my own intuition, my life would have went down a much better & more fulfilling path. I have been realizing that my spirit always knew which direction to go, but I was led astray, misguided by others, I allowed other people to coerce me, manipulate me & guilt me into things, to the point where I became so out of touch with my intuition, it took major crisis to bring me back. for me intuition has always been strong& generally when I am alone I follow it, I had other people all up on my energy many years bc my lack of boundaries (& honestly I had no idea the extent of the manipulation & damage until v recently during a recent wave of awakening/ascension) ,,,, the other struggle or block I have encountered regarding intuition ( besides other people) is fear, worry, anxiety, self doubt & stress, but even those things are a result of our upbringing or social & societal conditioning, which implant many negative & malignant beliefs about our selves & again other people. I have been so intuitive & on point since childhood but life experiences had broken me down. lately I have been on the path of only following my intuition & shutting out all other influences (as much as possible.) I think that would be may best advice, stop listening to other people, examine your own social/societal beliefs, pay attention to your thoughts & your gut feelings, create strong boundaries & you  will be able to hear that inner voice more clearly. cleanse your body, mind, spirit & home. do this gently in a way that is natural. it takes time. there may be many ups & downs along the way but slowly you will begin to align more & your life will begin to shift, have patience in the process & also be open to learning, you will see where you have been out of alignment or misguided in your own beliefs & begin to take back power & responsibility for your life which brings confidence. :) To improve it: get used to knowing what you're feeling at any time of the day and why. Practice once a day for a few days, then twice, then thrice, so on. Identify your triggers for certain emotions--sunny, warm day equals contentment, rainy day equals contemplative, quiet, ruminating, etc. One song makes you angry, another makes you sad, another makes you happy. After hanging out with people, do you get any certain moods or vibes from each of them? Jot it down somewhere, make a list or a graph.

In this way, you can easily tell when you're feeling a certain way for explainable reasons, and when your intuition is trying to speak up (you feel angry after hearing a song that normally makes you happy--this is your intuition trying to tell you something).

Best of luck! Write down your dreams. When I really pay attention to mine, they start to loosely predict the future. Every time you have a thought about how you think something will go, or what will happen in the future, write it down in a journal and write the date. Then, go back later on to see if you were right. You might surprise yourself. Ringing In the left ear is a sign that some shit is about to happen and take caution. A few days ago, I had that ringing, and a weird feeling of something bad going to happen in the next few days. Tonight, I went to a bar with my cousins and I decided to drink very little to stay more aware. This random stranger cupped my butt with his hand- I felt a hand, turned around, and he was standing there behind me. When I asked him if he touched me, he said he was “trying to hold me up” as we were about to step into a booth, and I was sort of behind my cousins in the back. He disappeared after. I don’t know what would’ve happened if I was super hammered. It’s also about perception, practice people watching in public , notice how your body responds to people and situations, even places. Your spirit guides will also communicate through repetition or “coincidence,” as well as numbers and numerology, 444 or 1111. It’s not as complicated as you may think! Intuition saved me from possibly serious injury in a car crash. We had a head-on collision with a stobie pole, I still distinctly remember how the moments after it happened the air tasted like metal. The seat belt kept me from flying forward into the front passenger seat but also crushed my rib cage.

Before it happened, my then-boyfriend asked me to sit in the seat behind the driver so he could see me. My immediate reaction was to say no. I strongly felt I wanted to sit in the seat behind him, for no particular reason. Anyway, that seat he wanted me to sit in had collapsed and there was a heavy object on top of it (a car battery that had been in the back of the wagon).

It also possibly saved my 7-month old baby from choking or a trip to the hospital. When I heard him cough once, I sprung into action with no hesitation. He expelled a coin. I don't know why I reacted so quickly. Even my husband asked how I knew. There was no feeling that time, only a split second reaction. Silence your mind. Dude imo intuition is just accessing the multiverse of your potential future timelines, which are more or less infinite, and being able to ask yourself which one you truly want. 

There's absolutely ways to train it. There's ESP training apps for your phone. They give you four squares and just say "guess the right square" but it's just a bunch of multi colored squares. 

My other favorite way to train that's saving my ass rn as far as providing me with income: trading stocks/cryptos. By far the most effective intuition trainer I've had. Once you do enough trading m, the chart starts coming alive with possibilities, and you start seeing patterns and zones that seem to gently nudge the overall timeline of the price this way or that. All the gentle nudges add up to an overall push and pull like a tide that you can jump into if you still your emotions properly and let your higher self guide you. 

I'll look at it, zoom out in a few different levels, and ask myself "what feels like the most likely next set of steps. And out of the 3 most likely scenarios, how would each one of the three affect the overall feeling of this chart." A most likely outcome begins to form, then you dial in how much risk you're willing to take. 

Basically everything can be traced and extrapolated into most likely possible future timelines if you follow the money, both into the last and the future. But you gotta stay completely in the present while you're doing it so you don't get sucked down undesirable timelines by accident. 

My whole life is my intuition story. Bruh I should've died so many times 🤣 Do research.  There are a ton of books out there regarding intuition. It can be used for that.  A lot.  I'm not too pro on recounting stories. practice, learning how to use different tools/techniques, maybe try randonautica I can sense the future it happens alot 
Every week almost

It's always random unimportant stuff tho

Hopefully one day I'll be able to use this ability to become rich Tarot, automatic writing, and card selection truly helped me with my intuition. I've been actively practicing daily for a few years now. I have premonitions through dreams. I write down everything. I make notations of feelings and vibrations. I learned to listen to my gut. 


Our guts have hundreds of thousands of neurons which are directly affected by our processing of the world. That is where the "gut feeling" comes from. We are taught to not trust our intuition. Break away from that. Rely on it. Write it down. Validate your experiences. We all have the ability, but it takes practice, just like any other skill. Meditate a lot and gaslight yourself into thinking you have fantastic intuition. It works. And the results can be creepy.  
Some basic, but crazy examples from day to day was sensing phrases- I'd think of "Alea iacta est" for some reason throughout the day- and I'd see it later on some show my mom's watching. Another one was me thinking "deus ex machina". The next day, saw a dude on a motorcycle wearing a shirt which said this. There can be more extreme examples and it happens daily. It is usually not what you expect, because what you’re expecting has never gotten you anywhere. I curiously find I feel dread. Like I do construction, I dread grabbing an extra bucket randomly. Then I needed another bucket and have to make a trip back. When I grab the bucket anyways I use it O, if you had that dream, definitely do! Sounds like a meeting with your guide.
Solfeggio sounds good to me, and beats i'll try.

Looking forward to hear your progress! ✌ It's clairvoyance and you're a psychic medium, most likely.  What you have described is extremely common in my life. I see hundreds of faces a day in my minds eye, mostly in the early morning or at night, often when falling asleep. Ive seen some native Americans too and also heard them playing music when I got so deep in my channeling that I was become aware of the astral plane. I do channeling of hundreds of spirits of humans or other entities through a portal in my head and have no real boundaries so I also see them when channeling. It can be terrifying and really hard to sleep some nights. I've seen little vignettes of people being murdered replayed for a few seconds in myinds eye too. Sometimes it comes more as a video  Some of the worst energy I ever came across was a guy staring at me from an electric chair. People from all time periods and in all states of condition emotionally. Sometimes their head is half cut off and they are wandering around in a totally confused state and other times they're mostly fine and just missed going to the other dimension. I have also seen non-human things and felt the energy of extraterrestrials or other non-corporeal entities. 

But yeah what you are experiencing is normal clairvoyance it's just your time to start having it. Things that are considered supernatural are actually just normal human abilities relating to evolution. I got woken at 2am in the morning by a shadow person solid, my fight instinct kicked in and I took to them (her) with a pillow that was going right through it for a good 2 mins miss was frozen on the bed who seen them also.
I ended up standing inside of it having a go till it went. My bed time is my time I do not take take well to been woken up like that 😔 We all have the Claire’s. This is just another form of intuition. I prefer the term intuition to psychic. The way to grow your talents is to use them. I haven’t found a Claire that I couldn’t get used to. When you ask what is the worst, I can’t think of one. But when you say which is the best… Both clairvoyance and clairaudience are the ones I find the easiest to work with, therefore the best for me. But remember, everyone is different.

Clairsentient (clear sensing) – body sensations such as tingling, warmth, cold, pressure, or pulsing

Clairaudient (clear hearing) – words, sounds, music, lyrics, or phrases

Clairvoyant (clear sight) – sights, colors, textures, images, moving scenes, or objects

Clairalient (clear scent) – scents, odors, or smells

Clairgustance (clear taste) – tastes such as bitter, sweet, or metallic

Clairempathy (clear emotions) – emotions, feelings such as anger, love, joy, sadness, or peace

Claircognizance (clear knowing) – inner knowing, where it just appears in your consciousness I think we're born with certain talents, and they grow with us when we use them. I don't think it's possible to develop clairsentience if you were born with clairaudience, for example. 

I mean it could be possible, but I think you'll have better luck identifying what you already have a knack for, and building on that. I have a combination of 3, being able to physically feel things, feeling emotions, and just knowing things. 

Whatever you decide to do, make sure you have a solid foundation for yourself spiritually. The only risk I can imagine is just being slowly overwhelmed from the stimuli, but again, if your energy is good, and you're in a good mindstate to handle it, you should be fine. I can see a news article or read something and put myself where the author or story went. As in,  if there’s a story about abuse, I have a 50/50 chance of trancing and experience(see, smell, taste, hear, feel) what the abuser felt and thought AS WELL AS the abuser. So I am super selective of what I subject myself to. My friend keeps the news on all day so I have him change the channel when I’m around. That sucks in epic proportions considering almost all news these days is war and bad stuff. 

So, whatever that’s called, don’t do it. All clairs can get annoying when they activate at random. Like I'm clairsentient (the body one, never remember the name). I'm pregnant, and a couple of days ago I woke up to pee. When I was done with my business, I got a strong feeling of fear and danger in my body, which activated fight or flight response, and I wasn't able to go back to sleep till 6. My friends cat was run over that night.

I am mainly clairsentient, claircogizant and clair...the feelings one. Sometimes clair...sight pops up when I receive a message from a spiritual being, when they want to indicate a specific place, person or event.

It's difficult, but I'm trying to get a hold on them, after more than 15 years spent to fight them. It can be a mess. 


*Trigger warning death*
 When someone is about to die tragically my clairsentientcy (is it a word?) Goes crazy and I feel pain. Thing is with most of this feelings I don't know who/what they are related to. Sometimes I feel guilty I didn't save them. And it's a heavy burden to have on your shoulders.

So yeah clairs can be useful, cool and all, but can also be a pain Clairalient was very strange when it first got stronger in me since I could smell people through the mobile phone which was very intense when using instagram. Now I dont use that platform so often because it just feels weird af lol

Also clairempathy is crazy. Many people are very anxious and it actually feels really bad being around them. Real happiness is rare in the big city I live but when it happens it feels so amazing.

I guess all have their more or less enjoyable sides Clairsentience. 

Sense: *boy's name* 

Me: I know yes he's nearby and thinking of me

Sense: *boy's name boy's name boy's name*

Me: oh god *hates life for rest of the work day* They all have pros and cons 

But I would like to take this opportunity to vent about clairtangence when I’m eating. Seeing the entire animals life while chewing is depressing and has changed what I’m consuming and from where and how often. I get completely depressed with red meat and rarely ever have it, but chicken is easier. I have health stuff so I have to eat some meat or I would cut it out entirely. 

But also seeing the entire plants life can be annoying too. Particularly the hands picking it is an odd visual/sensation and the packaging or transportation after that.

Love my gifts though and I love helping people with them. So the annoying stuff is worth it, but it is trippy Don’t worry, you’re not some weird creature or crazy, some people are just naturally more in touch with these things than others. In my case, the women in my family have been experiencing it for generations. It took a long time for me to really believe it, but the things I dream and feel randomly come true again and again and again. Some might call us psychic or witches, but those labels have varied over time, between cultures, and in this modern age what matters the most is how you feel and wish to identify; choose or reject whatever labels feel right for you, they’re pretty unnecessary. Thanks for sharing your experiences. Vulnerability takes great strength. Out of curiosity, has this been happening to you your whole life? I always like to ask because sometimes it can also be triggered by one or a series of especially traumatic physical or emotional events. I was diagnosed with c-ptsd myself, many years ago, but I'm grateful to have made a full recovery. Stay strong, sister! Having the ability to differentiate your anxiety from your true warnings already puts you 50 steps ahead! ****Warning: Mentions of death***

I'm just like you. Don't worry, we're not crazy, I would argue that we're lucky. I think we're lucky to be able to protect ourselves and our families.

What I personally believe in is that we're all part of the tapestry of the universe, each of us is a thread being interconnected with others, and as time goes on, so does the tapestry. Thing is, some people like us, when something is about to happen, feel threads leading to an outcome that is not what we want, and we get a warning.

I believe the definition for me me personally is claircogizant (just knowing stuff, without it being connected to vision, hearing or other more tangibile senses) and clairtangent (receiving information with your body). 

What happens to me personally is that I just know stuff. It's like I'm a printer, info gets to me and then I "print it" and I "read it" like you would a message 😂 (worst description ever sorry 😂).

Sometimes I feel a sense of anxiety or fear that isn't my own, when the feeling regards someone that is about to die tragically I also feel like I can't breathe well and get chocked up, so I perfectly understand what you mean!.

Sometimes is a mix of both, especially if I channel spirits of various kinds, and other clairs pop up, but those two are the main way the universe uses to speak to me.

I know that it's scary. It's something that your body does that you don't have control over, it's weird, it's scary cause when you feel the clairtangence activate, the sensations are real, even though consciously you are perfectly able to understand that they don't relate to the mundane and don't belong to you.

From what you describe I think that what you experience is similar to what I experience. It's even weirder cause at least in movies and commonly people hear voices or see stuff, we don't have that kind of feedback 🤣.

So what are you? A person that is more sensitive to the tapestry of the world. Psychic? Clairwhatever? If you need a lable, it's whatever you feel rings true.

These abilities are scary, bit I'm slowly coming to terms with them. We're lucky. We can protect ourselves and our families, the universe has given us a gift. I used to call it a curse, now I'm slowly learning to consider it a gift. Cause it is. It is not something to worry about.  In the event you experience overwhelming anxiety you might want to consult a doctor.  It is normal to feel anxiety at first, but over time you should adjust and it gets better. This a natural process,You are just transforming to your better empowered self..
Just stay calm and Don't talk about your experiences to people who are not capable to get insights on whats really happening to u as this can lead to misunderstanding..

As time passby you will find your tribe you are inclined to with people who are like minded ..

Just stay calm & keep on learning inwardly..

My pov✅ It's sounds to me like that checks out. If words are popping up in your head, then that might be psychic downloads or maybe claircognizance.
I've heard a lot of advice on this to just trust what's coming up and try to practice it. It shouldn't be hard to find intuition tests, and learning more about what you've been experiencing is definitely advised.

Idk anything about soulmates or twitching, but doing some research on it will likely help. The description you’ve given of thoughts just popping into your head sounds very much like how most of us describe claircognisance. It’s like a thought that crashes into your head from nowhere! The best way to try and strengthen & hone this skill is by having a regular meditation practise. We have an article on the sub WIKI FAQ that covers this as well as grounding, shielding and blocking, all essential skills for the more sensitive. 

As far as your soulmate goes, relax! Not everyone believes in the concept of soulmates, and those that do accept that a soulmate may not be the wonderful lifelong all encompassing love & passion experience that popular culture likes to portray it as. Regardless of your beliefs, if you believe your soulmate is on the way, just relax and get on with your life. Do what you usually do, how you usually do and see how the future unfolds. Manifesting one's soulmate against their freewill will result in a karmic relationship that will leave you unfulfilled to your expectation(s). 

Remember we are merely mirrors. Work on your shields and get into a good habit of cleansing your space every once in a while. The more you progress on this path, the more visible you become to spiritual entities, and some may be curious (though some might be hostile. So work on your shields.)

Another one... if you do encounter a hostile spiritual entity, they may try to trick you into thinking your shields/defenses have failed by projecting images into your mind to make you lose faith in your capabilities, and thus weakening you. Don't fall for it. It's just a trick. Reinforce your shields if you must, but remember that these things can be quite intelligent and crafty.

And one last one. If your thoughts start to betray you, and start to say hurtful/harmful things, and they won't stop, it's time to talk to a doctor about them. I'm a Medium, this is what happens to me when I sit with clients, or meet someone new and Spirit is stepping up. It's a loud ringing, sometimes in one or both ears, that lasts a short time and can be deafening momentarily. This was actually one of the first phenomena that led me to understand that I was a medium.

If you've ruled out medical, consider you may be picking up frequency shifts from the other side. how did it make you feel? what did your gut tell you? did it shape your perception of the people around you I get that in two ways. One high blood pressure (is important to know that) may be spiking due to few reasons. 
Second Not normally when I'm with someone but if someone is taking or thinking about me I get a ringing sounds, when I think of the right person it goes away, have messaged or called to get a hay I was thinking about you how are things going. I get his a lot because of my allergies. So if this happened to me I wouldn't be able to tell the difference between energy and my poor immune health lol. I'm glad you're ok. This is one of those situations where I would just see if happens more often or not then decide what it was. Sounds like a dimensional or ascension thing. Maybe that's how you know the experience or exchange is at 5D...I'd suggest you start making a note in a journal each time you notice it. Betcha you see a  pattern emerging:) Start keeping a journal of your psychic dreams and be sure to date them. They are guiding you. They may also help keep you safe. God speaks to us through these means among other things. 

Disregard nothing that you see while dreaming. Not everything we see in dreams have meaning, but by writing them down and studying them, you may eventually be able to know when a dream is a premonition from a dream just influenced by something mundane you’ve seen or thought of in your wakeful state. This describes my experiences to a T. I often have mundane dreams and then I will find myself in the same situation in real life. I’ve experienced these dreams/situations for my entire life. I’ve always wondered if my consciousness is simply traveling to other timelines in my sleep. If this is some type of psychic ability, I would love to know what I can do to strengthen it. I’m curious if there are other explanations You will learn as you progress that time is nonlinear in nature.  When I was a kid, it was stuff that happened minutes later than I perceived it and I was awake for it.  As I got older it became events that were days, then weeks, then months into the future.  Nowadays they are events that are years into the future.  I am currently in my late 30's.  In my case, it is hereditary as my aunt who also has this ability told me I had the gift when I was in my early teens.  My other relatives dismiss my aunt as crazy until she predicts things that happen later.  Kind of hard to ignore it when the results are definitive. Clairaudience. I hear energy, often gateways into fate pathways. Sometimes I far-hear or can get sentence downloads from my higher selves. I am happy for you! You'll be able to turn it off if you don't want it, so I wouldn't worry about that. I've interpreted it (at least in my case) to be the presence/direction of spiritual entities (possibly only the entities that have made themselves known to me? I don't know.)

EDIT: I've always wanted to know more about this but every time I've ever talked about it, people assume it's tinnitus and shut down the conversation. If it's constant ringing, it's usually tinnitus, some kind of ear nerve damage.

If it's occasional the way you describe, I look for spirit guides. Sometimes their energy will trigger the ringing. In my experience, when my left ear is ringing, chiming, buzzing, etc., It's a message from my guides.

When my right ear is ringing, it's most typically a message from spirit for someone else.

But I know when it starts, I need to grab my download journal. 

Of course everyone is different, but I know others who distinguish left side info and right side info.

I hope that helps 💜 In my experience, it usually indicates someone on the other side of things is trying to get my attention and wants to converse.  Once I practiced enough to tune into that side of things, the ringing stopped and was replaced with being able to hear them speak and or see them in my mind's eye. For me it's definitely tinnitus. Although I randomly hear what sounds like a little bell dinging so idk what THAT is about My right ear is my typical spirit guide and has a typical tone and pitch. Recently - a couple months ago, a new spirit joined on the left. 

It was interesting because as they were trying to get through initially, I experienced different tones and pitches, but also my ear would grow persistently hot and flush at the top - but only at night or after specific triggers. After some questioning and we became acquainted, that stopped and the new spirit joined the regular tone/pitch.

More intense and louder ringing usually means more urgent messages to me.

I will usually do tarot readings in response to those kinds of consistent or persistent ringing in response to distinct triggers. And that stops it. 

I can also just journal and have sort of back and forth conversations with my guides but only if they’re willing. The tarot usually helps to jumpstart things but it’s not always necessary. It's a sign of spiritual awakening or in simple words, it's an installation of a new frequency by the guides. It's hard to mention specific insights like if the ringing is from the left ear is good or it's good ifs it's from the right.  You may have to pay attention next time during ear ringing and after to know better. 

 Here are some metrics for the next time. 

1. When the ear ringing happened, what were your thoughts? 

2. When the ear ringing happened, were you near some specific person? What is your relationship with that person and is the person spiritually evolved?

3. When the ear ringing happened, did you get any repetitive angel number signs? If yes, how they are connected with your current state of affairs.

4. What are some key changes you are observing in terms of health, energy, and overall emotional or stress-bearing capacity? 

This analysis will help you to see make your personalized insights. 

Best wishes. 

Andy My mom always said that it means someone is talking about you Ear ringing was one of the signs that I figured out I was psychic. 

I follow an extremely knowledgeable naturopathic dr who has a huge following on YouTube. Five years ago he released a video on how to treat tinnitus (there is a way to tap the back of your head to stop the ringing). I’ve done the tap many times to stop my ear ringing. However a couple of years ago I was experiencing a very different relationship with a male coworker, it was platonic but there was something inexplicable there. One day he messaged me and I felt a physical reaction. My brain felt hot and it felt like it was being squeezed in a vice. My left ear started ringing and my ears started popping. Like the pressure in my head was changing due to the energy. I did the finger tap on my head but it did nothing. I just knew I was feeling this man’s energy. 

Fast forward two and a half years and I am a different person. I’ve developed psychic abilities and a relationship with this man who I’ve figured out is my soulmate. My ears will occasionally ring but my body has gotten better with receiving the energy and better interpreting it. 

I can’t tell you what your ear ringing means. I would do something like practice and ask very specific questions and paying attention to the ringing. For example start with a basic question you know the answer to such as your name. Try to detect a pattern by asking additional questions you know the answers to. Perhaps soon you may get to the point where you can receive answers to questions you don’t already know the answer to. It may take some time but this is where I would start if I were you. Good luck! When did you notice it begin? Left ear ringing is a warning. A powerful spirit is near and wishes to communicate. My homie as someone who has hearing loss and tinnitus. Go to an audiologist It’s probably tinnitus. Aliens tuning into your brain when i was younger i would get random periodic ringing and when i wondered what it was i instantly got the idea that it was “aliens” trying to contact me. fastforward 10 years and i read that people believe it is actually something along those lines I always remember one in particular. I was just sitting on the floor in my room then it happened. It was so loud my ears became a bit numb I could still hear it in my mind after it stopped. That was maybe two years ago haven't had one that loud since. Oh damn this happens to me and I have to stop what I’m doing because the ringing is so intense.
Doesn’t happen often so I know it’s not a health condition. Has anyone threw a electronic device out the window because it was too loud ? I I’m also new to it as well and I’ve been having the same exact occurrences happening to me too. At first I thought it was just a coincidence but then it started to get even more stronger and more obvious and I’ve been questioning it for such a long time and I would also love feedback and on what’s going on too! It doesn’t sound crazy at all. I definitely believe you. I’m really starting to believe things like this are kinda normal. Simple exercise, such as getting a deck of cards and guessing what comes next, or when taking the lift knowing which one is gonna open first. Stuff like that.

Of course it's not serious stuff, that's gonna come with time And also if any of you were curious, first time I've ever acknowledged this was when I was 12, so about 3-ish, 4-ish years ago. Yeah, definitely normal. If you try and work consciously on it, it may expand You can't help, save, or heal addicts.  They have to want to change first.   If they heal, it's them healing themself, not healing from outside person. Empathic people may not be the best people to help addicts either, as empaths often struggle with maintaining boundaries, and boundary work is essential when working with anyone at that level of addiction. Be careful with this if you are clairsentient. I felt a strong psychic and emotional connection once, with a coworker.


I knew that he was a recovering heroin addict. And I knew the day he relapsed because I suddenly felt high beyond belief when I looked at him. I've never tried heroin and prescription narcotics aren't effective for me so I don't bother. But that day, I think I felt what heroin feels like. And I was at WORK experiencing this. Part of being a healer is coming to terms with need that you can’t help. Maybe your drawing this to you is an attempt to learn that lesson?

Here’s a complaint from my mother that I’ll share ‘no matter how drunk or abusive a man is, there is always some woman who will care for him. But if a woman has even half those problems, she’s alone’

I know that’s a harsh thing to say and hopefully not true. But I wanted to share it because there is a dynamic people fall into with addicts. You might be able to feel their pain but if they aren’t there to support you… don’t invest too much in it. Invest in people who amplify your energy. I'm an addict and can attest that what they're saying is true. I just say well timed things to people if possible. I’ve found if I intervene in anybody’s life, especially somebody drowning in addictive sorrow (I believe that they can no longer perceive spirit when in the addict state) that it blows up in my face every time. This is unless they invite me in, or if I believe that I can plant a seed in their mind that could grow to their benefit if they choose to nurture it. As an empath it's tricky for me  to manage energy and connection with toxic people bc the nature to transmute is just there. I don't have to go out of my way or take extra steps to send healing, it just is and does.  It's difficult with my nature to simply observe without healing I suppose... Helping them. Being able to relate and be there to listen. Guide - that’s all I got but I’m sure it would develop maybe into healing This is very interesting. I can’t help by giving any further insight but it also happens to me every now and then. Most times the words show up in dreams for me, not while I’m awake. [deleted] I get most of my messages in languages I don’t understand. It’s frustrating. But I believe this is because I am at the relative beginning of my journey and I’m science oriented so it’s easier for messages to come through in alternate languages when I fight my intuition. The messages that repeat get looked up and I can’t question them when they stare back at me in text. Do you mean telepathically? Because the translation is automatic although some things don't translate over well and I actually get a blank space when that happens. We all do. Before you go to bed ask to speak to your main guide. He or she stays with you for a lifetime. Write down what happens when you wake up Check out the book Opening to Channel by Sanaya Roman and Duane Packer. It’s all about how to connect and communicate with your guides :) Try summoning them in a lucid dream Spirit guides/higher selves won't do something if it would do you harm or conflict with your autonomy/freedom of choice. Try opening up the realm of possibilities and try to meet them in the middle of what's holding them back. What is that ? I have this little spirit who follows me everywhere and gives me advice I named them teto We have past lives. And wives and husbands from then. And they're with us depending who's in physical space at the time. Friends and family. And random people who love you. Always. Everyone. They hear it all. Don't worry, you have guides. Everyone does. They're just waiting for you to reach out. You could try praying or meditating, just make sure that at the beginng of the session, you state your intention to meet them. I feel the same way. I don’t think I even have spirit guides. I’ve always dealt with things on my own. I’ve never seen or felt anything. Then again I am rather skeptical of them. Idk if I believe in them or not. You could use a pendulum. Aren’t they angles assigned to you? I heard they really don’t care how you die, they just have to “guide” you. We have 3 main angels and 3 main demons , they guide us everyday, through thought patterns , synchronizicity and much more the eyes can’t see . But yeah try to contact them in the realms Everyone has spirit guides. I’ve had tarot readings done by other psychics and I’ve also meditated and asked them to show me visions in my mind to guide me or visit me in my dreams. I’m pretty into dream interpretation and sleep with black tourmaline and amethyst under my pillow. I also keep selenite under there as well so they’re constantly charged and cleansed to protect from negative energies. Your guides can't usually intervene in material affairs... they are around, but there isn't much (for whatever reason) that they can realistically do to help us out other than remind us that we're not ever truly alone. I suggest you listen to 639hz & do automatic writing ✍  it will make sense later..after a good amount of contemplation on the things u have written.. Yes you could connect with them via frequency or listening to binaural beats like 639hz 963hz awhile sleeping.. by doing it constantly you might be able to astral travel or achieve lucid dreaming and u could receive some kind of indication in dreams or starts to seriously notice angel numbers such as 222 333 etc..
all it takes is consistency...

My pov✅

🎯Based on experience 

For age 20+ only [deleted] For me they just came to me in energetic form one night when I was 17. My mom gave me a box of string lights with "Sirius" on it and I instantly knew that I had a past life over there and that my guides are from there as well. It felt very soothing and familiar. I have never met a guide trough meditation so it's not necessary if you don't like it. Mine come to me in my dreams! Meditation can look different for different people. I found that altering your technique according to your most dominant element that you connect with (this element is not always your astrology element) can help a whole lot! It's easier for water and earth elements to connect with standard practices of Meditation and air and fire elements have to have a form of "active" Meditation. That is where you are performing a mundane task that you are neutral about and letting your mind fully clear while your body does the work, if you are open and receptive your guides may announce thier presence. Also try asking for things out loud! For example as for help finding your keys one day and you'll be surprised to find them in a spot you thought you already checked! Some people can't hear or see them clearly but you are already connected and they can hear you. This happened to me, I know so many people on Reddit think you can’t get hurt in the astral but they are wrong. It’s not like dreaming where it’s all in your mind, the astral is a real place with real entities existing there. From what I’ve been told a human being is like a beacon of light which attracts low vibrational energy. Praying to god and other protective measures are a must, also don’t attempt this when you are depressed/stressed/anxious your vibration needs to be HIGH like really high before you even attempt remote viewing or it’s like a moth to a flame with those entities. Even Robert Monroe (I highly recommend his books) sometimes encountered bad things there. Sounds like void energy. In my experiences it feels like napalm, burning. Whatever it was you don't want to mess with. Work on protection as well as dispelling negative energy. I suggest you continue exploring but with protection maybe you wear like a blessed necklace or something on your body so you shouldn't have any problems awhile on astral plane.. It’s really ghetto out there lmao. 
If you want to do that stuff protection is a must … I mean a must…

Unless you like a shadow person infestation. The astral realm can be exceedingly dangerous.  One must proceed with caution, and it is best to use the buddy system when you are starting out.  The two primary risks associated with astral travel are a psychotic break and a coma.  I would hazard to guess that the unsavory entity found you.  In my early years, it was a rough and tumble learning curve. I'm new to this so...how do you reach a state of being able to view remotely? Could you describe the process in detail, and how much practice does it take, can anyone do it? It’s appropriate to be wary. Evil is extremely powerful and seductive. Most intuitive people are drawn to it at some time in their life. It’s up to you whether you delve deeper or not.

Not unusual to feel like you did. I’m not psychic, and I’m not an expert in visitation dreams, but it’s definitely possible! When you hugged him was it like you were hugging him in real life? And did your interactions feel real? 

I had my first and only one a few months ago and the only way I could explain it to people was by saying “ it just felt so real” all of it.  I could feel his physical body as if I had just touched it- the touch sensation and emotions behind it were as if it was happening in real life and everything was so life like and vivid, the scruff on his neck, his sun burn, his laugh and little grin, it was wild!  There’s a “Visitation Dreams” group on Reddit you could try asking in- idk how to link it but should pop up in the search bar! I had a premonition of a divorce 6 years ahead didn’t even know the person but at first glance I knew it wouldn’t work out. Every fucking day. Yes, it seems I'm particularly good at spotting pedos, and unless you have kids to protect and do so, there's nothing you can do. It's pretty awful to know something like that and not be able to do anything about it. Just let the info flow..keep it calm & try finds clues if you are right about it..if so further develop this ability & use it to your advantage ✅ [deleted] Why would u want to control it?..
Use it to your advantage, write it down develop the ability properly & you will find success in making use of this psychic ability if further developed...

My pov ✅ I think you’re looking at it the wrong way around. It didn’t happen because you thought of it, you just knew it was going to happen before it did. And the best way to gain clarity and strength it makes a by starting a regular meditation practise. That could be due to planetary effects

One possible reason ✅ Some people can sense death like animals can sometimes. I’m not sure what it means. I feel you have a gift. Sometimes realizing it helps embrace it and your gifts will grow. 

It’s possible it only happens with animals too. I would meditate on it and see if your guides give you any insight. You will learn with experience that time is far from linear in nature.  Some folks have a gift for being able to look around the corner before whatever it is occurs.  Welcome to the club and learn to accept your ability.  It is nothing to worry about or stress over. What are angel numbers? Same here. But I’m stuck with seeing numbers and feeling protected. Which is great! But I’d love to learn more about how to connect  thats your Invitation from spirit to start a meditation routine 

Master your mind and a whole new earth awaits
You behind the dark web of thoughts 

Enter the Dhyānas and unlock all the siddhis.
Sounds like an advert but it actually works, just be patient and persistent. Angel numbers started appearing to me too when I was in the initial stages of discovering my abilities. They still do, several times most every day I will glance at a clock at see the time ends in 11. It’s uncanny. I’ve asked my guardian Angel if she’s doing it but she insists it’s me doing it. 

What I first started doing in the initial stages of developing my abilities is listening to meditation videos on YouTube. You can find narrated ones where a person who specializes in meditation talks to you to guide you. I highly recommend trying it if you’re new to meditation. Try r/mediums While you’re at it.

If you are psychic, or a medium, you should be able to sit quietly and work with spirit Look up claircognisance. It literally means ‘clear knowing’. On some level you were made aware, you knew even if you didn’t know or weren’t immediately aware you knew, of this thing coming up before it actually did. Happens all the time to me.  I am in my late thirties now and can remember it happening as far back as when I was 8 years old. I thought at work today "haven't heard from (insert customer) for a while". 3 seconds later.. that customer called and I swear on my life, I'm not making this up. Wait until almost every convo around you answers the question you’re asking yourself internally. Practice, practice, practice. It will happen even more often Well I did have a delicious watermelon today. 

But yes, this happens to me a lot. When you get a flash of something, just know something about that thing is about to show up. Ok but don’t go crazy and irrational with this, observe and practice. You’ll get scary good at knowing what’s about to happen all the time. [removed] Daily You and the All are One. Maybe the All is just as surprised and curious as You. It reveals something about our minds we don't yet understand.  Something in the subconscious.  Like telepathy or intuition or synchronicity. Yeah, I have had this happen a lot. It makes me question if we are living in a simulation. I was JUST walking to my computer, thinking about how I needed to be more at peace. I sat down, opened up youtube, and there was a video about pink amethyst with the title "The crystal of loving peace". It happened not long ago within seconds. How about a song pops into your head, and then it is played on the radio? DJ projecting thoughts? You see a lot of things in life. If you think about it, it just makes you more aware of it.

Have you ever seen how many baby product ads there are? Well once you're a parent you feel like they're everywhere, but if you're not, you can bearly notice them. If you think about something and its in recent memory, you will pay more attention to it. All the time and it's pretty eerie how detailed the random premonitions can be at times. A strange thing is that recently I was watching a report and in this report they were talking about a whitlow infection I thought about that for a moment then a few days later here I was with a nice whitlow on my thumb  something that I never had The CIA had a remote viewing program. 

But also, science has certain requirements and must be able to quantitativly measure the results which is hard to do with psychic ability. 

Also, most people have no idea what psychic ability is ... they all seen to think it's fortune-telling and set these rigid parameters to measure the results. 

Also, $cience won't bother with it because no one can mass-produce it, so no one is going to pay to have it studied ... at least not publicly. ;) Science was meant to quantify phenomenon that is greater than itself, you cant define something by a system too small to comprehend it🙏🏽✨ Because of free will. 

Each individual creates his reality, by developing a sense of grasping how the world's works. Forcibly introducing something that's against the concept of said individual reality, would deprive them of their agency to develop in their own direction. What would proof look like? “Magic's just science that we don't understand yet.”
Arthur C. Clarke

Proof is in the eye of the beholder — to twist up a quote. 

So what would prove to you that the psychic ability exists?

I once had a damful (my term) ask me what color car his mother drove. This was an email. I responded with “Blue. But since she’s dead now she doesn’t drive.”

Never did get a response. 

So was I right? I figured the troll would respond if I was wrong. What do you think? [removed] We don't have the tools to prove it just yet. I personally think many (not all) psychic abilities have foundations in quantum physics. For example, dark matter is theorized to be subatomic particles that don't physically act on matter, but can phase through matter and be transferred as information. We still don't know much about dark matter and our current understanding of neuroscience is just the tip of the iceberg. Once we get a handle on that, then I think the rest will follow. I think Science is catching up with this whole field. There is a netflix docu called "Surviving Death" and it has scientists on that talking about their studies and stuff, its really interesting. 

&#x200B;

However, I have always said "seeing/experiencing is believing" & I have personally had enough proof to show me that my beliefs are correct (at least to me). Because the premise of it is not falsifyble, and science doesn't work with inconcrete premises. 
There are things that were considered "esoterics" and have been proven to exist. 
Lucid dreaming for example, mediation having an effect on the mind and good ol' placebo, proving that belief has an effect on the body beyond material influence. 

Now to put you into a secret, i have studied biophysics, and on my science campus i have met enough scientist and scientist to be who delved into the occult and deviation in their private time - of course they are more sceptical than your average psychic and less prone to believe whatever. But enough of them are curious to try things out beyond proven science. 
However, most scientists don't flaunt or tell their beliefs in the open, it's extremely personal and of no use to tell others about it, since it's a private matter. 
You can talk with them about parallel universes, remote viewing and telepathy, but very few will believe you're a starseed because someone sometimes heard some alien voices. Most of the phenomenons are explainable by less supernatural means. 
And there is also a certain idea most of us agree on:
We know some effect exist, but we don't know why, so we won't name it. 
Psychic stuff is a subjective topic, it doesn't have actual objective rules so to speak. 
This is why it cannot be scientifically proven, not fully. We can talk about effects existing, but not about the actual cause. 
Science deals with objective reality, and psychic is about subjective reality. This is why it's called "esoterics" (inside) and not "exoteric" (outside).

Edit: i also want to mention on thing since people forget this often. Science is magic, modern scientific methods are adapted from ancient alchemist methods, and science has always been a torn in the eye for the religious, because science make the unattainable attainable, the the unknown known and the mystical profane. 
When the reasons for your sickness start to become small organism you cannot see with the naked eye, but study and understand, instead of divine or demotic power, religion loses it's power over people. 
I see it so much in this sub, but don't mix up beliefs with practice. You can practice without having divine belief. 
You can practice with also researching cause and effect.
Don't treat science as your enemy. It wasn't scientist who hunted down witches, scientist were hunted down by the same people who hunted witches. People who are open to it receive their own individual proof. Read the book Distant Mental Influence by William Braud PHD. There’s plenty of scientific studies and government documents. You have to research it In the world of roulette forums there is an occasionally ongoing battle between players thinking they can beat roulette busing systems and those using precognition. There are public sites where you can play for free (play money). Both sides ridicule the other.
The precognition side proved way beyond any doubt - I mean ridiculously, one guy turned 3,000 into 3 million and yet the system guys wouldn’t have it. 

It was there plain as day but they still weren’t satisfied.

Sometimes people just don’t want to listen. There is. Your dreams that have come true. Let's start there. I believe you're talking about movie psychics or so called mind readers. No amount of evidence would ever convince a skeptic, remember that. No amount of evidence to the contrary would ever cause a true believer to relent. This is human nature. Personally, I do not believe something unless I see it with my own eyes - and that said, I have seen tons of incredible things that lack "scientific" explanation. I don't implore you to take my word for it, I just think most people do not open their eyes enough to see the "magic" around them, they become blind to it or don't know how to quantify it, so they ignore it.

It doesn't fit their paradigm, so it is discarded: "Oh, I was just tired/drunk/high/dreaming/hallucinating/mad/whatever", and those people, even when they witness it, do not see it (and we can say psychic here. Or ANY OTHER paranormal event). There is always an excuse out - you are never forced to accept that type stuff as being a reality (it seems to be one of the rules).

The opposite end of this spectrum is people who buy too much into their own bullshit. They get one little small sign of something and think it vindicated anything they ever thought about something - you can tell these type people because they are vehemently attached to a certain concept or idea or person or teaching or what have you, their path abruptly ended at some point and try get caught in a certain cycle. 

This one is a bit harder to explain, so I will use Psychic as an example. 

A human who loves the occult reads an occult book and then has a psychic experience. They attribute this psychic experience to the occult book, they don't think it is possible without it. In their world view, occult = psychic. When they go to explain to the next person about their psychic ability, they say it is occult related. Well, turns out, the other person also thinks they are psychic, but got their powers from Jesus or whomever, so even though both people are discussing that psychic is real and they are both experiencing it, they immediately discredit the evidence the other presents IN FAVOR OF THEIR ABSURD VIEW, because it conflicts with their person psychosocial understanding of "Psychic".

This happens even in Sciences - a plate shifting is an earthquake to a geologist and a tsunami to an oceanographer. That is a poor example, but I mean to use it to illustrate how we can use different words to describe what is the same thing. While this muddles the sciences and makes them tedious, it absolutely cripples our ability to even begin discussing the paranormal, let alone investigating it. 

The real "Tower of Babel", if you could imagine, is like a funny game the Gods have played on the poor humans: we can all learn to speak the same language, but under no circumstances can we ever seem to agree on words for the paranormal. I see a ghost, you see an alien, our friend sees a demon. We are forbidden to have the same experience and call it the same thing, for another person, it is Psychic. There has been. You haven't looked hard enough.

What you're really asking is why isn't it accepted in the mainstream, and that answer requires a little philosophy I believe. Mme. Blavatsky 

Marie Levau 

Sir Edgar Casey 

Rasputin

Nostradamus Real Magic - Dean Radin

Limitless Mind - Russel Targ

Both are books full of scientific experiments and give plenty of other sources, there is lots of proof out there that psi is real.

Third Eye Spies is a free documentary on remote viewing.

Placebo Effect is scientifically accepted, that's proof hiding in plain site. Princeton Engineering Anomalies Research Lab rupert sheldrake proved we can tell when someone is staring at us, also many other weird things with animals Please read this: https://www.analogsf.com/current-issue/the-alternate-view/ , someone just shared this here: https://www.reddit.com/r/precognition/comments/vi3ffq/advanced_waves_that_could_be_involved_in/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf Remote Viewing (RV) has been tested extensively, with experienced RVers being in short supply when it comes to working with LEOs.

Only difference between fucking around and actual science is having it written down. Because it's ambiguous. We are all connected I believe we all share a mutual consciousness through empathy and meditation but if you think some people are born with super powers you've seen too many fictions. Why some and not others also people guesses numbers when gambling it's only fair to assume that applies to any deluded person who thinks they can read the future and people who makes a profit out of this, although I don't blame them you have to be an idiot to spend money on a stranger under the pretense of being told crafted answers. How many people get dead after they've been told it would happen and if it does a few times, a lot of people are going to become hard believers despite the fact it doesn't happen oftentimes actually it nearly never happens people just want to believe in something even at the cost of their best interest Psychic abilities have been proven many times using repeatable experiments that are peer reviewed. The experiments have met scientific rigour and beyond. The results have been on the front cover of Science magazine! Uri Geller has written documented proof from his days working with the CIA that he can do everything he says he can. People choose not to believe what is in front of their eyes. The world is not quite ready to believe but as quantum physics moves further into the realm of magic people will have to start believing. Professional psychics are largely frauds. They rely heavily on cold reading. So they are right out. 

Actual psychic abilities aren’t reliable enough, especially in the kinds of situations they like to test psychics under. So while there is occasional low level evidence, it falls apart when you try to standardize the testing. There is a lot of variability in how it manifests. I believe it has been shown beyond reasonable doubt. You're really not meant to discuss verbally anything that you discuss psychically with someone else. This is something most psychic people adhere to and was new to me as I only came into this a few years ago.

They believe that to do this could jeopardise their gift and have spirit take it away.

That could be part of it.

Another part of it is why do we need to prove anything to people that a) do not have the gift and b) don't believe it. There is zero benefit for any real psychic to do this. The world simply is too asleep for this to be important. Having met many psychics during my 57 years on this planet, never have I encountered one that has been able to prove themself to be genuine.  Most are innocent but self deluded many are scam artists.  Our minds function on many cognitive biases such as confirmation bias and subjective perception.  We are suckers for Barnum statements and easily succumb to the Forer effect. I have yet to meet a genuine psychic. I think that psychic abilities are becoming more and more known/shown especially with social media being a big part of our generation. If there is proof and it lies in the hand of someone powerful I’m pretty sure they would want to keep that secret to themselves and try to stray people away from it by exposing it falsely like ufos. In other words I believe there is proof but it is an individuals “duty”  to prove it for themselves and walk the journey rather than it be public/mainstream. Also there’s so much more people diving into spirituality nowadays because of the access to information we have with the internet but it’s also another group of people that claim to be “woke”(I hate that word/phrase) and I believe they think it’s a trend and dont realize that being enlightened/spiritual/finding the power within yourself is such a long/tough journey not just buying crystals at your local shop Baba vanga. There is actually LOTS of proof. Institute of Noetic Science does lots of experiments of all kind of psychic phenomenon.  Look up Dr. Dean Radin. Just him alone has lots of research. Uri Gellar at Harvard. Many members of collegiate academia are involved in the occult and research into psychic ability. I can give you many more examples if you want them. Because so many people make money off of acting like they have psychic abilities when in all reality it’s very rare to have them. People don’t know how the gifts work and how they are used and that’s usually a clear indication that they are a fraud. There’s no “proof” because they’re are more fraud psychic then they are real ones. The real “psychics” are in hiding. Why would someone with supernatural abilities wanna be broadcasted. The government uses everything as a weapon. Mermaids are real too but they won’t catch them because they’re too smart and are in hiding for a reason. The psychic mediums yah see on Tv (FAKE). Psychic abilities are real but you have to know how evil the government is to actually understand why there’s no proof of any of this other then what they choose to show you guys on TV. Psychics dont predict the future, they help you understand the future yourself. There's no science here. Psychics don’t need proof I'm intrigued by all things "psychic". I’ve challenged literally hundreds of remote viewers.  I have a large sheet of paper in my cupboard in my hallway.  On it in very large characters is a 6 digit number written very clearly and written in a specific colour.  Of the.very few remote viewers that have risen to the challenge (I offer £1000 reward) none have come close to getting the number or coulor correct. Because science can't yet create a mechanism to replicate the infrastructure of it, so it can't be tested in all directions. When you live many lifetimes, you often reconnect with people you knew in past lives.  Usually there is a strong sense of familiarity and it has been my experience that you often have shared past memories that come to light when your paths cross again.  Reincarnation is very real.  Feel free to dm me, op. Rock on! Congrats on your superpowers! Yeah, your Saturn return is in your late 20's so expect a lot of awakening about then. It would be best to get some support that you trust before then. Also, be cautious about sharing this with others, particularly at work. One of the things you're going to have to learn is how to turn your gifts on and off. If you are empathic, you're also going to have to learn to cleanse yourself and your living quarters. I suggest that you avoid violent movies, as well as horror. Pay attention to your dreams and get plenty of rest and self-care. Take up yoga and meditation daily. You really need to have your own space for rest and recovery from the insanity of the world, which will become evident as you develop yourself further. Good luck! My wife is a super-psychic and she spent 30 years developing her talents. There are many workshops you can attend, which are good places to find new friends who can support you on your new journey! I'm willing to provide as much support for you as I can. It's been my life journey to support women in developing their psychic gifts. I would start reading up on being psychic and awakening "gifts"  just in case as better to be aware of things just in case so you don't think you're going crazy 😊.  Your patient sounds like a lovely lady and like she knows what she's talking about 🤗 good luck, take care🙂 You can do what I did which was ignore stuff like this until you forget how many psychics come up to you in different scenarios and tell you the same thing. And then do something about it.

But really the first step I wish someone had taught me was psychic protection or psychic self-defense. It would have made a lot of my jobs a lot easier. This is very heartwarming to me for some reason When i first bought my home I used to come home and hear people talking. I would come into the kitchen and i could hear them in the living room.  As soon as i turned to go into the dining room it would stop.  I don't hear them anymore and I don't know why it stopped. Wow, what a story. yeah sounds like your psychic gifts are awakening! it can be intense and uncomfortable, do your research, ask questions 🔍🥇💓 you could look into clairaudience. maybe you feel a connection with the cancer constellation? also the numbers 9 and 6 might be important to you. 
personally i’ve found the more i ignore these ummm, gifts, skills, callings… the more i struggle in life and the more nothing makes sense. there’s a lot of people going through this, myself included. you’re not alone! take it slow and steady, however you may have to take a leap of faith every now and then. there are things we can’t always see but just know there is soooo much going on in the background trying to help us find our way. best of luck 🦋☮️🌅🍒 Past experience is truth, you can choose to accept it and progress, you can choose to doubt it and regress My ex-partner used to work in a place where he (and I) frequently heard whispered conversations just slightly too far away to distinguish. None of his work colleagues ever admitted to hearing anything. He even recorded it on his phone, and played it for them but they accused us of faking it! Funny enough whenever I was there with him, there was always some incident that happened that we couldn’t quite explain, albeit something small. Maybe having two mediums together triggered something there, but not even to make clear communication. I obviously won’t tell you where it was, but if you could imagine residual spirits to be anywhere, that was a great candidate. It never seemed to be in just one room or just one corridor either, or one area either; it could have been anywhere in the entire and huge place, but was always just slightly too far away to clearly hear. There were many times we would follow the whispers & try to track down the exact location, but even when we narrowed it down to say a particular single room with only 1 door on the third floor, the second you opened that door - silence. An empty and silent room. We’ve both been psychic all our lives and had embraced mediumship a few years before that. Some time after we’d split up, we had a conversation about it. He’d had a bad experience with the mediumship in the meantime and completely closed himself down to any and all psychic abilities. He refused to even acknowledge his own intuition by that stage. He was still working at the same place however and I asked if he still heard those whisperers and he said he didn’t. Whatever or whoever they were, they now knew he wasn’t even interested in being open to them anymore, and I guess that’s why he didn’t hear them. I, of course, never had reason to go there again so I can’t tell you if they’re still there or heard by anyone else.  We visited various known haunted locations and saw/felt/heard many different spirits over the years, but neither of us ever got anything else about what was going on there. We were definitely open to communication, we actively tried to, but maybe it wasn’t active spirits as such, just some sort of  residual energy? I’ve been investigating the paranormal for over 30 years, and this place still stands out. We tried everything we could to debunk it, we looked for every single cause we could think of, human or otherwise, cut off all power, added lights, left doors open, sprinkled talc in floors, catches on doors, set a million and 1 different traps and a million and 1 different cameras and sound equipment. We never got anything other than these whispers we couldn’t explain. I’m absolutely 100% sure it wasn’t human or a wind up, but I’m also 100% sure I still don’t know what it was. 

It’s something I’ve heard a lot from people who work in hospitals, any place military related or just old buildings with long histories. Those even slightly sensitive do see/hear/feel things, that others don’t. What we see/hear/feel, and how we exams or tap into that, isn’t always so easy. My guess is she knows you from a past life and she’s helped you before and remembered that That is so cool! Keep note of your 27 year of age.  It'll be a fun one if you grow your gifts Wow. What a neat experience. How special that y’all found each other. I can only imagine it must have brought her some comfort to feel that kind of connection in such a bleak environment. I’m honestly so afraid that I might tell the wrong person and get lobotomized or something Around 2-3 am is called the witching hour, its the time when the veil between your mental reality and your physical reality starts to tear. Your brainwaves try to go into theta and delta as if you were asleep causing dreamlike or otherworldly experiences. 

You were also confirming eachothers reality through your body language, which causes your experiences to match up through your natural defense mechanism. Shes been through it before and recognized your patterns, and so she was used to the threat. Which is why she responded that way. The reason they match up can be contributed to what is known as reality maps. So for example in the most socially accepted reality map- if someone heard voices but saw nothing they would probably assume they just heard someone else's conversation in the next room. Depending on the area they might look into it, or not...But another person who believes in the supernatural (or is open to it) and saw nothing there would attach the situation to a supernatural experience. Which is 2nd most common way to organize these experiences- Hearing voices is a common hallucination, and she figured out your body language cause she has the same reality map as you. ❤️❤️❤️ Did she say anything else? The old lady I mean. Look into Clairaudience and telepathy Hi OP. I'm betting this all feels really weird right now, since you weren't exactly looking for this experience and it was sprung on you out of the blue. I know what it's like to suddenly be stuck questioning the reality you've lived in up until this point, and just not be able to shake that something genuinely happened.

Some things that have helped me deal are grounding practices (meditation, qi gong, regular stretching, dancing) and cleansing (white sage, Epsom salt baths). I'd recommend getting something like a black kyanite fan necklace, and/or a smoky quartz bracelet, to wear regularly. Especially at work, considering the need to protect your own energy. 

My surprise was starting to feel energy again (thought I'd made all that stuff as a kid up) when a nerve came unpinched. It's been a bit of a mind fuck to say the least! 🙏 beautiful. You have known her a long time. This is awesome. I too have met someone that I’ve known before….shreds of the past fly into my head but sometimes I think that maybe my imagination is just supplanting stuff…… WOW! This is an awesome thing...you're so lucky! ☺️ This has happened to me before. It’s not a ‘crazy’
thing at all. 

But, yeah, it’s exasperating but you probably don’t want to overshare that this is part of your reality. 
Not so much the weird factor as the “why not me too” factor, especially from relatives. 

If we experience a mass enlightenment, and suddenly many more people are open to listening, you could help so much! 

But you’d still want to step carefully. It’s not all bright light out there. I see people from the past going around their day to day business. They are translucent. What is this called? Not to be disrespectful, but that clearly sounds like schizophrenia. If your pt. was oriented to TPP and didn't have any other chief sx, then it's possible this is a phenomenon not explained by medicine. I’ve heard of preparing some tradition meals, into the moonlight or full moon, if you will.  What else are some ways, rituals, practices I can do to strengthen the presence or connection or the back and forth communication of those who look out for me in another realm? 
Thanks 🙏 I'm going to copy what I said in another post since I don't want to type it all out. It's someone asking me how I was able to hear, see, feel my higher self, guardian angels, and spirit guides without any tools. I think these information should help you:  
  
"Well, in my personal experiences, in the beginning of my journey, I started using pendulum and oracle cards to ask questions that are related to spirituality. I also meditate 30 minutes a day. This is when my whole vision was fully covered in bright white light, then I extended my meditation to an hour a day. I used my pendulum daily to ask questions for understanding and guidance. While doing these, I started learning spirituality topics, then it extended into me learning how to do energy work, witchcraft, energy healing, protection, and so on online and by using my pendulum as a guide to see if I was doing it correctly. One of my strongest ability at the time that I always had (I didn't even know) was clear knowing, so that helped too. As I was meditating, I started to see light moving around, and touches on my body. The touch can be felt like itches in the beginning, but you should not shrug it off, as they are teaching you to use your clear feeling ability, same with seeing the light (clear seeing). Over time, you will notice each spirit has a different feel to them, such as warm, neutral, statically, etc... Soon you will even feel pressure from their touches. You can even feel how they feel, and feel where they are around you. As you pay attention, you will start noticing that these light are not random, they are your guides. Each different light color represent different entity. They are letting you know and teaching you that it is them, and are trying to make you contemplate on why you are seeing these lights. Eventually you will start seeing images and visions. For clear hearing, always pay attention to outside sounds / inner sounds during meditation and during your daily life. Their voice can sound like your inner monologue, but it's not, don't shrug it off. As you keep on meditating and listening, you will start to be able to differentiate between your inner monologue voice, your ego voice, your guides voice, and other spirit voices. I heard that there are people that can hear voices from outside their heads, but they are less common than those that hear from within their heads. Remember, your guides are teaching you or trying to tell you something during meditation, and you should be trying to understand them, not ignore them. They could be teaching you all your clair abilities. If they are not, before meditation, pray to them to teach you. Even not from meditation, try to feel their guidance on your daily life, and use your abilities on your daily life. As you keep on meditating, working/interacting with your guides, understanding your guides' teaching, practice their teachings, practice the abilities you learned online, contemplating for the truth, researching, increasing your vibration, learning spiritual topics, learning how to use your psychic abilities, you will eventually be able to develop all of your Clair abilities and do the things you wanted to do. And the more you practice your abilities, the clearer and stronger they get. Now I don't need to meditate the whole hour as my guides will tell me when to stop.  
  
I hope everything goes well!" I don't find it's needed, but like people that channel that call names of the past ones, depending on who you are calling this works with concentration on who or what you want to connect with, I'll note this can take a some time and days, I do find looking into a candle flame at night and something that smells nice, this is simply a focus technique nothing more even some aftershave lotion in my case splashed on helps. Day works too but I'll close my eyes and listen to meditation music or nature sounds on low.
If your phycic like myself there just lots and lots of spirits around all the time, they don't agree with each other. It's like a room full Of people some are the quiet ones, other domaint and even sush the others, while you may think guides I think it's more you life and they step back for you to make your decision yourself, maybe there is a rule on intervention of living 🤔 Just a prayer... It depends on who your ancestors are. They determine what traditions you should be doing. It's just like any other relationship. It takes time to build trust. If you wouldn't tolerate it from a friend or loved one, don't tolerate it from a spirit. If your gut tells you something is off, it probably is. You'll be able to feel what's right and what isn't. How were you confirming with yourself that only “those of love and light” actually came in?

I had the same problem in the beginning except I knew they could lie and pretend.

I realized that if I called for “my guides” that those would be the ones to show up. It also took me some time to figure out which ones were really my guides. It’s a process really and like others said, it’s about learning to trust yourself. Having compassion for yourself as you learn is also practicing love and light. I set & enforce boundaries, the basics of any spirit communication 

Ensure that “only those who intend unconditional love” are speaking with you. Unconditional love is the key term and idea here

Once you’ve woven that condition into your shields & protection, you are good to go for spirit communication 👍🏻 I went through something similar when starting out. Learning as you go and trusting yourself I found to be what helped the most. When you believe you are doing something 100% it amplifies it. Trust your intuition. You will know how you feel. If something seems off it is Additionally to what others are saying, also keep in mind, even "positive" spirits have a sense of humor, some things are done in a way to point you out things about yourself (insecurities, fears, delusions, arrogances), also things happen in a circus like way to teach us that life is not as serious as we make it, it really isnt. of course, if you feel not nice presence, that is different. set intention very clearly. But, if you have more of a goofy experience, its not necessarily "evil". its possible they may be teaching you to take things lighter, be more childlike. and do not take it as something condescending, take everything as something for your growth. All the things that happen are there for your growth, no matter how weird they may look. After some time, you will be able to see what happened why and how it pushed you to where you are, etc. :) intention and humor Sprits have the same personalities as regular living people. Imagine an annoying younger brother but he’s just in the spirit realm and you are just unable to see him as would when he was alive. Doesn’t make him any less annoying lol. It’s honestly this simply. Idk why people in the comments are giving scientific explanations for why this is.

I think people mix spirits with angels. They are two different things. Angels are the elevated ones and some of the highest light beings. Spirits/ ancestors can still be of the light but still have a aggressive personality which can come off as “jerkish” to you . [removed] Call upon Archangel Michael to watch over you during divination. He'll keep out the riff raff Are you talking about psychokinesis? Using your will/energy/whatever to directly influence things in the material realm? I think so, but then, my definition of psychic ability is accessing/influencing anything usually deemed paranormal. Yep Psyconesis is real, but it’s more of a level
Up. You won’t just have this ability out of the gate. It’s very rare to have it. You should have received other basic psychic abilities like clairvoyance before even receiving that type of ability. Psychic abilities come at levels and certain orders. Think about unlocking a new character on a game in a sense. You can’t just unlock Thor out of the blue. With power comes responsibility. I can elaborate more just private message me, and we can see what it really is. What does blue symbolize to you? Perhaps clarity, truth, or intelligence? It is associated with the throat chakra, the chakra of truth, purity, and clarity of thought. Breaking of illusions and lies. The third eye is associated with indigo, and seeing above duality, seeing the truth of the multidimensional nature of things, beyond limiting perceptions and beliefs

Perhaps also blue symbolizes a level of vibration. Perhaps blue was how the vibration of your higher self appeared to you. Or the vibration you were in during that trance. 

But symbolism is subjective, not objective. So I believe what matters more is what it means to you personally Blue is a great color - it s the power of Tantra in matter. - symbolises mastery in the physical. Usually associated with the Tantrics and also Krishna/Shiva in the physical. Every time I meditate, I see a deep royal blue. It’s actually the reason for my screen them here on Reddit. It might just be a sign that you were deep in meditation. Perhaps thats a sign of overusing your throat chakra..
An Indication that it is very much active that you start seeing blue, thus maybe you should speak moderately?perhaps?

My pov✅ My 2 cents; enjoy what youre seeing, take it in!
I more or less have stopped searching for the meanings behind my many experiences with meditation. 
The only results I've ever found are that everyones meditation experiences are as unique as the person meditating.

I'd love to know exactly what each of the colors I see mean or represent. (I now refer to them as my angels) 
Or the pin pricks of bright white light that come and go.

I've accepted my experiences as normal for me. More importantly is the positive changes in my perception/perspective. I wish I'd started meditation much earlier in my life wow that's incredible! i see similarly to you although opening my third eye was an accident lol. i have not ever seen dragons, but i have seen a dinosaur once (it was a brachiosaurus) which sounds so stupid ik, but we can't really control the things we see! it's hard to research these things since not many people have experiences like these though... i have been wondering though if we are even capable of actually perceiving the entities in front of us or if our brain has to warp their appearance into an image we can comprehend.. so many unanswered questions!!!! Whenever anyone mentions dragons in woo woo circles I immediately perk up and listen.  I have that feeling of being energetically drawn to all things dragons for some reason.  I've had several dreams about dragons!  (I was born in the year of the fire dragon!) I had to sneak past a black water dragon in one, I was being chased by a white dragon in another, I was sneaking up on a huge, red, sleeping dragon who was chained down and I needed to unchain it and set it free before it woke up.  And then, my favorite, I was in this very symbolic dream where a black dragon challenged me.  He said he'd destroy the land unless I rose up to challenge him.  It was at that moment a red dragon flew in and told me to light the sword sitting next to the flame of a blacksmith and to hop on it's back.  So I ran and lit the sword, hopped on this enormous red dragons back and he flew up to meet the black dragon.  The black dragon didn't put up a fight but rather surrendered and flew off.  Me and this red dragon circled the land and as I was looking down I saw how parched it was and all the people living on it.  I pointed the flaming sword to the ground and as soon as I did, a bubbling spring of water started to form!  I know it all sounds super cliche but I will never forget this dream.  That was 5 years ago now but it feels like yesterday.  I totally believe dragons are real though, even if it's in some other energetic realm and we're just picking up on their energy. Next time, say hello to one of them and ask it what it does.  They are, after all, just spirits like you.  They play in the form of a dragon.  

Have fun! I had one for a spirit guide for a few years and it was great fun. Dragons are high vibrational astral beings and if your seeing them you should communicate with them. So....all you did was mediate and now you have this? That is amazing. I believe dragons are real. Couple of things about dragons. They are super protective of their names. Don’t bother asking unless you have a strong connection. They can be fantastic protectors if you find one is in your team. Very high vibe. I personally get upset when I see old stories of dragon slayers. The dragons were the good guys. These are astral entities they do exist but only few developed persons might get to have a glimpse of such visions ,Treasure it & keep up the work Ya i've seen some things too but i go by a rule to take what i see very carefully so i don't get roped in and gaslighted. How did you open your third eye? I don't know how to start. Welcome to our world!

Many years ago I had a baby dragon flying around my bedroom. I couldn't see him clearly, but I knew momma dragon was nearby. He landed on my bedside table and made a cute noise. 

Dragons are real. Too cool!  Oddly enough, I recently heard a chat with the author Paul Wallis, who writes about re-seeing what's 'actually' (according to him) in the bible... one of them is he's realized some of the descriptions sound an awful lot like dragons :-0!    I'd be very curious to read what those dragons you see are 'doing'...? are they just hanging out like, I don't know, birds or squirrels or another wild animal might be noticed just living their life? or are they 'doing something' that seems to take into consideration our world when you see them? Dragons are real and everything you’re experiencing is true Do you see the imposed on this realm or just in your mind? Did you follow a guided meditation, or just start meditating regularly? that is amazing. I am drawn to dragons too but I never "believe" what my inner eye "sees". I endured all the brutality in game of thrones only to see them dragons! lol when they finally came into action I was disappointed.

I know it is challenging but if they show maybe they want some contact. I am having a hard time getting all different worlds physical or non physical in a line. contemporary zeitgeist is so eager to push all non-material things from the surface . :( When I first started getting deep into kundalini meditation I began seeing angels!! But dragons Omg I WISH! Beautifully Fascinating. Can I ask you about how you started meditating and what helped you, what your sessions looked like? I had a NDE in 2019 that lasted 15 minutes. I spoke to a psychic about it that was amazing and asked her why I can’t remember any of it. She said that my guides offered that, but I told them no, that I would reach it through meditation. Clearly my true self has a lot more confidence in me than my earthly self does. My earthly self immediately recognized how foolishly optimistic that was. 🤦‍♀️ 
Anyway, if you don’t feel like going into it then I totally understand. I’m just really curious because I have the attention span of a dog (squirrel!!) and any advice from someone that was recently new to it themselves would be lovely. That's really cool. I'd like to see a dragon one day. I've seen things as long as I can remember. Ask why the dragons when you meditate. They may be trying to deliver a message to you and it could be very important. Oh. My. God. Please stop From my pov ,there is no positive or negative of opening third eye as there is no such thing as that ,its all about your vibrations & energy field that u emits ,if u are serious Spritually inclined & occupying most of your time researching into these field then I recommend you to activate your 3rd eye.. as this is likely the field that will make u successful in the future.. We all have 3rd eyes nothing is negative about it. Tho there’s light and dark. So depending on the type of soul you have opening your 3rd will allow you to see which is which and depending on your soul if it’s of the light it will
Make you more vulnerable. I find it to be a really positive thing, and had good experiences. I'm going to copy what I said in another post. It's someone asking me how I was able to hear, see, feel my higher self, guardian angels, and spirit guides without any tools. These are my experience, including opening my third eye and seeing them:

"Well, in my personal experiences, in the beginning of my journey, I started using pendulum and oracle cards to ask questions that are related to spirituality. I also meditate 30 minutes a day. This is when my whole vision was fully covered in bright white light, then I extended my meditation to an hour a day. I used my pendulum daily to ask questions for understanding and guidance. While doing these, I started learning spirituality topics, then it extended into me learning how to do energy work, witchcraft, energy healing, protection, and so on online and by using my pendulum as a guide to see if I was doing it correctly. One of my strongest ability at the time that I always had (I didn't even know) was clear knowing, so that helped too. As I was meditating, I started to see light moving around, and touches on my body. The touch can be felt like itches in the beginning, but you should not shrug it off, as they are teaching you to use your clear feeling ability, same with seeing the light (clear seeing). Over time, you will notice each spirit has a different feel to them, such as warm, neutral, statically, etc... Soon you will even feel pressure from their touches. You can even feel how they feel, and feel where they are around you. As you pay attention, you will start noticing that these light are not random, they are your guides. Each different light color represent different entity. They are letting you know and teaching you that it is them, and are trying to make you contemplate on why you are seeing these lights. Eventually you will start seeing images and visions. For clear hearing, always pay attention to outside sounds / inner sounds during meditation and during your daily life. Their voice can sound like your inner monologue, but it's not, don't shrug it off. As you keep on meditating and listening, you will start to be able to differentiate between your inner monologue voice, your ego voice, your guides voice, and other spirit voices. I heard that there are people that can hear voices from outside their heads, but they are less common than those that hear from within their heads. Remember, your guides are teaching you or trying to tell you something during meditation, and you should be trying to understand them, not ignore them. They could be teaching you all your clair abilities. If they are not, before meditation, pray to them to teach you. Even not from meditation, try to feel their guidance on your daily life, and use your abilities on your daily life. As you keep on meditating, working/interacting with your guides, understanding your guides' teaching, practice their teachings, practice the abilities you learned online, contemplating for the truth, researching, increasing your vibration, learning spiritual topics, learning how to use your psychic abilities, you will eventually be able to develop all of your Clair abilities and do the things you wanted to do. And the more you practice your abilities, the clearer and stronger they get. Now I don't need to meditate the whole hour as my guides will tell me when to stop.

I hope everything goes well!" From my perspective at the moment now, it was a positive thing to do. It helped me learn how to more readily sense energy, I was able to see auras a lot better, and that got me started on the path to really studying this... so, my "today" self would be glad for the experience.

My "when it was happening" self was not really happy with that. Not only did it cause headaches while I was around angry/sad people (I worked in a call-center at the time so there were a lot of angry/sad people) the process actually kinda hurt a bit and I was a very beginner with energy-working and didn't fully know how to protect myself appropriately. I’ll tell you what people dont. Good luck and get ready to see things you dont want to. Sometimes it can be a blessing. And other times? You would’ve wished you werent privy to the information Ensure all lower chakras are balanced first. Or at least that you are working toward balancing them. Otherwise could be an unstable or dangerous experience. Yes,he is probably acting as your guardian angel after he passway,perhaps even in your palm there could be indication of that..when life line has sister line /parallel line..

You have reach a point where u are aligned & ready to communicate with spritual world slowly thats why he approach you at the right time..

Your mother & your brother are probably older then you thus they are able to handle these kind of dreams etc..

Some people are not comfortable with such experiences as hearing dead one whispering etc due to the fact that their soul is young..

We have various type of souls which difers from Maturity of our physical self..

We have old souls & young souls..

Old souls are the ones who have ages of wisdom & much inclined to ancient stuff but stuck in a younger body..

Awhile young souls are like a baby trying to reach the level of old soul however they are physically mature..

This is the paradox of souls..

My pov ✅ [removed] [removed] not much, frequency has to be heard within out - not from outside in. and everyone has to find their own high frequency that is the best for them, and this is done by tuning the physical consciousness with inner/higher consciousness Listen with headphones, especially with hearing loss! I listen pretty loudly and like to "feel" the vibrations in my ear drums. I make sure I'm not going to be interrupted by my environment as well because I hate being startled out of meditation.  

Maybe start with a meditation episode that is guided meditation with tones accompanying. I personally like guided meditations that are body awareness, so focusing from head to toe and moving up or down throughout the body, while listening to tones. 

I personally had one of my more wild experiences while listening to tones. And now that I think about it in relation to responding to your post, it was one of the last times I did a deep meditation with tones because I'm still processing it a bit i suppose. That was around Feb/March.  

Tones, to me, really became a way for ME to open my third eyes door. I'm not sure if there is anything scientific about it (such as tones opening a door into me, idk if that makes sense), but tones began to act as a cue and a communication tool for me to, "talk" to myself, or give my inner self the cue, that my outer, conscious self was "ready to receive" and that I was intentionally looking to bind my inner self and outer self together for a period of time. 

So yeah tones and the sounds are uniquely different than what I hear most of the day, so when I specifically use them to accompany my meditation, it feels like it's me being able to cue my inner self. And like I said anove, my experiences with tones, left me more fully certain than ever, that I'm fully uncertain on how the universe works. You don't want 440hz, the whole point of 432hz is that it's detuning from 440hz becasue 432hz is in harmony with nature whilst 440hz is in disharmony.

Everything is already at 440hz, it's the standard, so every time you listen to normal music it will be at 440hz. Most fluoride is absorbed through the skin when we shower. They sell these shower filters on Amazon. Iodine supplements are supposed to help with decalcifying. Charcoal and mint are good for cleaning teeth. I don’t worry about fluoride too much. Everything in moderation. I wouldn’t prioritize my abilities before my teeth. My teeth are alot more practical. I wouldn’t worry about that. I had numerous fluoride treatments as a kid, use fluoride toothpaste, drink fluoridated water, and I am still psychic. I really like the fluoride free toothpaste from Native! Interestingly enough too, it seems to actually clean my teeth better than toothpastes containing fluoride. Millions of excellent psychics live in places where fluoride is routinely added to the water & use fluoride toothpaste twice a day. There are lots of natural toothpaste brands! You can find them at Walmart or TJ Maxx. Regular toothpaste is poison. That’s why there’s a warning on the label to not swallow it. Also, everytime I lower my sugar and carb intake, I have way less plaque on my teeth. I have been using a fluoride free toothpaste I order from Japan for the past 3 or so years. I get glowing compliments from my dentist until I tell her I use nanohydroxyapatite instead of fluoride and then she tries to tell me how bad it is not to use fluoride. We go through this every check up. 

Amazon has quite a few choices, so you don't have to ship from Japan. I tried a few charcoal pastes and they destroyed my toothbrushes. My gum sensitivity came back, too. Make sure the water you are drinking is free of fluoride as well. Many bottled water companies don't remove it and a brita filter doesn't remove it either. Reverse osmosis removes everything. I went through a stage when all fluoride toothpastes made me feel sick so I switched to fluoride-free toothpastes 5 or 6 years ago. Maybe a little bit more expensive but I would not go back to fluoride toothpastes. Some have charcoal some have bicarbonate soda some have neither. Oil pulling with coconut oil, helps to add some peppermint oil. Search online for "oil pulling". It's the best natural method to protect your teeth and even reverse the effects of cavity, tooth decay, etc.

I had bad cavity in a couple of teeth, with swelling in gums and toothache. The dentist had recommended root canal. Was able to heal myself with oil pulling for about 10 days. Now I have completely switched from toothpaste to oil pulling as an everyday routine. [removed] Remember where the doctors and dentists got their knowledge Water fasting. I could go on and on. But water fasting. Do that if you’d like. Maybe check this website out about Earth Angel?  
https://www.ask-angels.com/spiritual-guidance/earth-angels/ Earth angels are unborn babies (miscarriage, abortion). Someone, maybe your mother, lost a baby (maybe unknowingly if it is in early stage of pregnancy). And this little soul has been somehow around and looking after you. And you have the memory of it in your unconscious. Even the strongest spiritual body needs a healthy physical body to host it. Considering the fact that our bodies remember the traumas we go through, ide recommend finding counselors or therapists who you can work with the process and release the physical, subconscious blockages that have been affecting you. A part of balancing kundalini is clearing out our stories, so we can part with them. Im seeing a therapist to do just that, and its greatly impacting my spiritual clarity. I have gone through CPTSD and found that the only way to heal was first meditating outside, to allow my brain to relax, then once I felt confident with my mind, I would then face those feelings and thoughts that were triggering or related to my trauma.   


I also cut out all drugs and alcohol and even caffeine because the stimulation from caffeine was making it harder to relax.   


After I sat with the feelings and thoughts, I managed to drain them of their power over me, by getting into a relaxed state I could let the triggering thoughts and emotions come in without them overwhelming me. Through this I was able to make peace with what happened to me and find myself again, I think the biggest part was being relaxed and grounded.   


Maybe this could work for you. Good luck and feel free to DM me if you have questions or just want to chat about it. Any tips for healing? You clearly have a great pain that you struggle with. You probably compartmentalize it so your life is easier to deal with. This isn't specifically bad for you, spiritually or physically, but it's reflective of poor emotional health. It might be stressful for you, spiritually, physically, emotionally, and mentally, when these things come up. Perhaps it would be important to purposefully steel yourself, if you still have the will to live. Try to improve your willpower and learn to come face to face with the hard truths of the world. You don't have to accept them, just learn to be able to look the monster in the eye without flinching. You should definitely practice some yoga or bone breathing, or at the very least, make sure you take time out to relax, rest, and relieve stress. Even if you aren't specifically stressed, taking time to relax, physically/mentally particularly, will help you unload emotional and spiritual baggage slowly. Perhaps you can let the rest of your emotional recovery happen naturally, and try not to resist coming to terms with such a traumatic past. You can't always force yourself to deal with these things, sometimes you just have to crawl until you can walk until you can run. You shouldn't neglect your inner life, because just experiencing happiness occasionally is a necessary part of emotional recovery. If you want to focus on the spiritual aspects, you should cleanse and protect, but your soul, body, mind, and heart are somewhat intertwined. You will never be able to fully recover by only approaching the problem from just one angle. You can smudge, use cleansing foods or drinks, fast or pursue more esoteric cleansings, but I don't think you should underestimate the effectiveness of a salt barrier for protection. There are herbs that are good for warding as well I believe. There are other things that work as well, but most of these are once again more esoteric or dogmatic, like dreamcatchers, medicine wheels, or circles of life.

Also, tobacco has been traditionally used as emotional medicine, but i wouldn't suggest it. Most cigarettes are watered down and extra addictive. I recommend yin yoga for gradually releasing trauma stored in the body. Take it at your own pace, use mirrors and also don’t use mirrors; listen to music while you do it, go into a trance, long holds will release things from deep tissues… catharsis. I would continue meditation daily 20 minutes to 1 hour at a time.   Time is going to be the healer, but throwing yourself into a positive spiritual practice can a good thing. I want to take a moment to recognize the fact that you are here talking about something that is truly in the form of darkness. For you to even do that alone is a sign that you are on the path to heal. Your spiritual healing has begun. I really admire your courage to talk about your experience. I am truly sorry that had happened to you and everyone else commenting the same experience. The dark tries to dim us but that does not mean we still are not shining. This level of trauma is something you really need a trained counsellor for. Spiritual work can help, but should complement not completely replace other therapies. Regardless of the reasons, rape is rape and a specially trained therapist has the knowledge and experience that most spiritual workers just don’t have. As we see time and again here, just because someone has an ability, doesn’t mean they can use it well or wisely, and the wrong ‘help’ can do more harm than good, no matter how well meaning the practitioner.  

Please reach out to specifically trained counsellors either online or local to you. Your doctor will have a list of local centres that can help you, and it’s always confidential too. So there’s thing called tapping (it helped me through childhood trauma) I think it would be a great exercise you can do at home to help you move past the trauma. You need to heal from that and then you can work on chakras. When you go to start chakra healing start with your root. You need to ground yourself and then move to your heart (the one probably most affected by your trauma). Feel free to move around after that where you feel is necessary. Im so sorry you went through such evil Grieving is probably the best way to heal from this. People have studied it and found that there are 5 stages of the process. It can take a long time. 

If you have evidence of torture or rape, then you can prosecute those responsible, depending on the laws of your state/country. good luck. I’m so sorry for what you went through. I have similar experience from an abusive partner. Narcs love Empaths and to torture them. Unfortunately, or fortunately depending on who you ask, abilities can be weaponized. My bestie was a child when something very, very evil was perpetrated on her. She didn’t know she had any capability to do anything magic until years later but during trauma sometimes shit happens. She has an accidental success rate in the 90% as of right now. I’m sure you can guess what I mean. But if you live in a criminal organization and do crimes eventually crimes are either done to you or you are caught. Yes, Dark humor is my coping mechanism. 

As for helping heal? Forgive yourself for whatever imagined slights you hold against yourself. Find someone to help you do a soul retrieval if needed. Sometimes in those moments your soul can fracture, you kinda need them. I like meditation and Reiki but you need the Reiki Master to be with someone you can actually trust or it’s pretty much a wash. Don’t underestimate therapy, support groups and medication to help you be ready to move forward and relate to others. We have issues relating sometimes after such things bc we close off ourselves. Self Love and Healing workings, cord cutting ties with things that no longer benefit you and banishing toxic traits are all also helpful. 

You deserve some peace. I hope you find it. I am sorry to hear this. I have been through many such attacks myself for being as powerful and knowledgeable as I am, and for being who I am, considering past life activity. They wanted nothing more than for me to give up and kill myself so that I would stop helping people in this life, but I persevered. Much love to you, and much kindness to yourself in this healing process. My only answer is to bury myself in the spiritual center, to take refuge in the untouchable divine. It seems to help and to heal. <3 Reiki is a good start. I'm a clairvoyant and often times those with childhood trauma have their soul broken into pieces. Part of them remains in the time that the trauma occurred, so is not connected to the rest of you.

There's an excellent book. Sour Retrieval, by Sandra Ingerman.

Take care and be patient with your healing. A spirit like you can overheal in a hurry, and this causes problems with your body. You get out of sync. 

I like to use the symbols of two clock faces. One represents where the body is at. The other represents where the spirit is at. If the two are in the same quadrant, things generally flow along smoothly. If the spirit is well ahead of the body, it's really time to just do physical stuff that enables the body to catch up.

Once your soul is whole again, things will begin falling into place in a more graceful manner. DM me if you want to talk about it more. A good and close friend to talk with and vent too. This has done wonders for me, especially with my adhd and emotional disregulation.

Try some jar spell work targeting yourself.  These can take a minute to work and some a year or two but they do work if done correctly. This is what I'm currently attempting.

I'm also cutting back from social media and trying to readjust to less stimulation. During this period I'm also seeking Solitude but thay isisnt required for everyone. I just like the peace and quiet from time to time at lengths.

Read On Pain by Khalil Gibran, this is my go too almost all the time when I'm depressed. Either him or Emil Cioran. Talk about a 180° there. Lol

These ideas may not work for you but everyone's road to recovery is different. I wish you the best! Remember to hug yourself and to take time for self care! Stare at yourself and go over positive affirmations. Manifestation Journaling, long walks, reading, educational podcasts (if I'm not working then I'm trying to learn something new or meditation.

Give yourself positive stimulation thru things you enjoy and challenge yourself to enjoy things you don't or at least learn to tolerate. Helps promote open mindedness. Any chance you are from the West Coast of the US? Your experience is almost identical to mine, which was/is part of a larger horrible organization. Feel free to message me if you would rather. So sorry for all you went through. As hard as it may sometimes seem, it is possible to heal. For me, it was about coming back into my body. Allowing my consciousness to return to my body. The biggest things that helped achieve that: swimming in natural water (rivers/ocean) and recalling memories that caused me to have an out of body experience (very scary) - helped me recall the physical sensation of consciousness leaving my body, which I then tried to reverse to bring myself back into my body. Hard to describe, but very helpful if you are able to recall. Don't want to stir controversy but this sounds a bit like sra, or satanic ritual abuse. Sometimes certain families or communities ritually abuse small children as a type of sacrifice so they can get gifts or favors from their gods. And sometimes people only do it because they are sick fcks. It's an old, sick practice that I wish was outdated but people will not stop doing How do you meditate with crystals ? I had a psychic  take advantage of me and it fucked me up very mentally honestly [removed] I tend to have dreams of certain locations situations that happen , and then they happen in reality but always a slight difference from dream of course not all dreams ! But the ones I remember are the ones that eventually happen. So odd . Time is created by the lower five senses, so what do you think happens during sleep paralysis? Many chinese people adopt esoteric wisdom of Fengshui which is basically choosing a good location & designing your house in certain way to attract flow of luck & prosperity base on that..


Yes it definitely impact psychic abilities,different place have different frequency & vibes.. Earth has its own chakras like humans.. For a sensitive person who have psychic abilities it effect much on astral & physical body..

You might even get attached to negative entity in some cases.. Thus maybe if u know u are going to certain places you should do some kind of  protection rituals or wear something to ward of these kind of entities/vibes atleast to neutralise it..



Hope that helps ✅ Great Britain holds the earth’s heart chakra yeah i believe in ley lines, and i have been in some places where the energy is so strong its impossible not to connect. try going to a place of nature or maybe some mountains, or beach. Yes living in a major population center can make it much more difficult at least for me as a telepath. So many people and influences. No you aren't losing your mind. It is all classic run of the mill natural psychic medium stuff. My experience; we bought a place in the mountains of S. Oregon 1998, leaving the city in central California.

A couple years later very suddenly I have all these psychic abilities. 

In 2017 we had to leave our home in the beautiful woods to move to the city, to be close to hospital/doctors.

I'm finding it very difficult to connect to Spirit the way I used to, especially if I'm indoors. I'd give anything to live in the Woods again... maybe one day. You can look up your cartography chart on astro .com. The different lines correspond with different aspects of your life that will be expressed. I'm gonna guess that that area is close to your Neptune or moon line. You will need your exact time of birth and place. Yes, it absolutely does. Ancestral connection can impact it (as you mentioned in your post) but also the history of the place itself. It's not surprising you experienced a lot of spirit activity at the Tower of London and in the graveyard--lots of horrific deaths associated with the first, and, well, graveyard = dead bodies. You probably do have mediumistic abilities at home as well, but they might not be as active since you probably aren't visiting cemetaries and former execution/torture sites on a daily basis Yes you need your natal chart to have sun or Neptune in 11th/12th house by relocation Well, there is this lady that has been doing witchcraft on my family  for over 30 years. She wanted my dad's mum's money. She is now married to her latest husband and she is dead. She claims to have killed my Mums dad and her as well (they died within months apart) I have been trying to figure out what kind of witchcraft she has been doing to neutralize it. She was caught with candles and human feces in every corner of a room. It's a scam for $$$ Placed by someone overseas 😂😂😂
Block them That doesn't sound right to me, because if they used the word curse in 2022 people would see it as a scam. Since everything is changing they are using charkas as if they are spells from overseas. You can go online and learn how to unblock them yourself and how we get them. It's not from a ritual from others of any kind. Before you spend money on this please Google root chakra. literally every human has blockages & cords & karmic attachments, unless you have done a TON of spiritual work to heal the things, many psychics will take advantage & prey upon others vulnerabilities, we are all dealing with generational curses & karma. be v careful what psychic u deal with, NEVER work with someone who reaches out to u first, esp online, it is ALWAYS a scam. protect yourself! Sounds like a scam to me, especially since they want you coming back for more.

If I had a block at my root chakra I would know it. I would go for Reiki. A good Reiki practitioner should be able to clear the blockage. This is a typical form of scamming people - stay far away and no need to fear, she’s bullshitting you entirely. Honestly, I had someone scam me like this, the reading resonated so I thought I could trust the next steps. And I did trust her, the following day she called me as promised, I paid her. Then she ghosted me for a week. I sent a request via cash app for a refund and immediately she messages me saying that she apologizes, but she’s been in a very important meeting (for a week?!?!) ummm ok…. But I gave her the benefit of the doubt, she promised to call me the next day to tell me what I needed to do and what she would be doing for what I had paid her. And as you may guess… weeks later, I’ve never heard from her again. I’m sorry this is happening to you! And honestly I was in such a desperate dark place that I didn’t even think about the money, I just needed help. And fast! Long story short, I never got my money back, someone here on Reddit charged me a couple bucks to do some work for me (much better than the $350 I paid this lady) and I started feeling better almost immediately. It’s such a shame these scams exist! I’m so thankful for this group that helps us know what to watch out for All blockages and really any spiritual healing, can be done on your own.
Anyone that says otherwise is a con artist. 

Highly recommend the scammer episode on the Know Your Aura podcast. She explains many layers of the unfortunate scam tactics and lingo that many of these people use..

You’re not hexed or cursed. If you have blocks; it’s personal work. Period. Reiki and things can help sure but bottom line is it’s all within you to heal yourself. sounds like a scam Run fast & far.. it's a con. YOU can totally clear/heal your chakras yourself 💜🤍🙏 I think it’s a scam. 

Anyone telling you that you have a blockage/obstruction/curse/hex or anything that’s blocking you/your wealth/your luck/your twin flame and they need to remove anything like that is trying to scare you into parting with your money. It’s the scam of the moment and there’s even another post just today asking something very similar. It’s the snake oil of the moment. 

The only block you need to worry about is blocking this scam artist. No, it sounds like you are being scammed. Look up on YouTube for yoga root chakra and you’ll find different yoga classes on clearing the root chakra. You can do it at home and for free. Also, that overseas curse sounds really dumb, I’m sorry but do not fall for it. I would not go tomorrow. Run away!

This is the classic…oh you hav ebeen cursed, are blocked, and for some $$$$ I will work on you and set you free….scam.

Run away. Almost every person here told you it is a scam.

What does that tell you?

We have no reason to lie to you about this, but….she does.

She will tell you how we are all in cahoots to deter you.

Don’t even talk to her.  

Ignore her. I’d be highly suspicious as this sounds like a scam. they’re using fear tactic to scam you. I promise. you can balance your own root chakra. rituals, spells, possessions, etc only work when you give them the power of fear. this is a scam. anyone claiming to be able to remove this with money is false. you’ve got to stay the course and do the work. reiki can help, but it’s all the power of you. Chakra blockages are often caused by excessive use of the mind and body. How often have you felt that you simply don’t have enough energy, yet when you look at the clock, it shows that it is only 7 pm? How often has your mind wandered without purpose? Have you felt overwhelmed with stress and found yourself unintentionally taking on more than you could handle?

Chakras blockage is a hindrance in the process of balancing and unblocking our energy system, which eventually leads to a lack of well-being. A chakra blockage can cause a variety of physical and emotional aches and pains, and can affect our ability to think, act, and communicate:

https://www.reddit.com/r/freepsychicreadings4u/comments/vh84oe/chakra_and_psychic_healing/ If you’re worried about chakras being blocked, you should get some reiki done. It could be something as simple you're pissed off at Putin for what he's doing or Biden or any world leader or someone like indian scammers and that could be the block. From my knoladge blocks can be unblock by the person them self but no one can force a block on someone else only manipulated in to blocking them self. My gut instinct, the very first thing that came to me is this is a scam.

She’s AWFULLY specific that this blockage came from “overseas”.  Did it scare you?  Because making you scared is how they get you to agree to more “sessions”

I don’t know, I could use more information, but let’s put it this way:  People live for YEARS with blockages.  This isn’t life threatening.  You can deal with it at your own pace, in your own way.  Visualize the energy in your body moving freely and anchoring you into the ground.  I like to use a white light to visualize with.  There are PLENTY of rituals you can do on the cheap.  Crystals you can buy if you are into that sort of thing.  But really, you could do this without spending a dime.  

I will say, I personally purchased a box with 52 different crystal fragments in jars… it cost something like 17 dollars for a bunch of different crystals.  A small piece of crystal contains the same energy as a large piece of crystal.  And I can craft with them.  Plus the jars are cute and it came with a list of what each one is and what it’s healing properties are, so I can just take that jar and carry it around.  

I’m also a bit of a believer in making shit up as I go along…. or maybe just tuning into my gifts and I know intuitively what to do.

Lastly, dragons are good at healing, but they must be asked for help.  Just call upon the dragon that helps heal root chakra blocks.  Then visualize what they are doing.  

I don’t like the charlatans.  They can influence your beliefs and create problems where there were none.  But now that you have the belief, you will need to deal with it.  You just don’t NEED to pay someone for it, but if you do, don’t let that be this woman.  Get a second opinion, and not in a specific way, more of a “Do you see any energy blockages?” sort of way… don’t feed them the info they need.  Or just even “What do you see?”   You just watch, they won’t see an energy blockage there, but if they do, then you will know that it’s true.  But my money is on this woman made it up. Better go to another psychic to check that and see if they say the same thing without knowing aything. You can take care of any chakra blocks yrself Please read Aghora II: Kundalini book by Robert Svoboda on Amazon. The most practical advice on Kundalini so far The only person that can block your Chakras is you, meditation and a few tricks from research should line you back up, this sounds like a scam I think whatever that psychic wants to charge you to clear that blockage, I could do it twice as fast for half the price. 

Chakra blocks are a legit energetic representation of emotional and psychological issues in people who believe in chakras. The root chakra relates to survival and self preservation. Blockages here relate to past feelings of scarcity and insecurity. While it can manifest in many ways, I’ve noticed that issues here manifest in being clingy, hoarding behaviors, or obesity. So unless you have issues along this line, the psychic is problematic full of it. Have your money ready! Scam Alert! Never thought I was going to say this, but performing anal by yourself could help wonders. It's *only* likely a scam, if they ask for money or try and video call you with zoom or whatever. 

Be careful a asking for input here. There are a lot of new members who don't know what they are doing, let alone what they are talking about. 

You can heal your cahakras on your own and it is safer that way. Practitioners that work with energy involve themselves with your personal field, so it's better to be safe than sorry and only receive treatment from someone you trust, if you're still considering someone else to work on your blockages, (rather than yourself). 

A better place to ask would be r/spirituality 
They'll be able to offer more *reliable* and *constructive* input for you. Make sure the ‘biggest he’s ever seen’ isn’t a word play to get u to come back often Personally, I do not place any value in these psychic folks. Why should we trust them? The only clear path for good health is through right living, well known time tested health practices, cultivating virtue and service to others.

What is the evidence that their statements are of value?  Be wise, use critical thinking and spend your money on taking care of your body, emotions and mind through time tested approaches used by masters, yogis and teachers throughout time. Believe it and have them remove the root chakra obstruction. It isn’t a scam. These stuff is usually very serious. We all have blocks on our chakras but there’s lots of things we can do to open them. 

The part about it being placed there by someone over seas and it being “the biggest they’ve ever seen” sounds like a massive scam for more money it's 2022 and people still believe in pseudoscientific bs like chakras...lmfao humanity is doomed Everyone is immediately claiming scam without knowing any details over the interaction. Things like what you paid for the sessions are definitely relevant. If you paid by the minute and now they need to do X spell in order to remove X curse/blockage for an extra couple hundred bucks it's definitely a scam. Legit healers and energy workers will normally charge flat rates per session and whatever that comes up during the session will be covered. You will also find them. Getting a reiki practitioner will cost you a fixed hourly/session rate and they will remove whatever they are capable of removing. It will cost you anywhere from $50-200 depending on years of practice, demand, skillsets and you can even get sessions for free. Blockage removals are standard practice and you can remove them yourself for free with meditation, yoga, shadow work, martial arts and a variety of other practices. That sounds interesting?? If it’s an entity attachment why don’t they remove the entity as well and the reason that allowed it to attach. I doubt some random person would single you out. Also it would only work if you believed it was true. That you were blocked If you feel as though you may have been cursed, hexed, or karmic related issues in your past lives or in this one, then really only you can break it. Look up ways to cut any ties or holds one or some may have on you, BELIEVE in yourself, understand you are the one holding the power, and release. You’ll know by the next day if something is going on. You’ll feel the freeness emotionally and physically There is a scam, and everyone has blockages, but YOU can clear or heal your chakras yourself. Scam Why are you needing to shield from them specifically?

Light bubbles are the lowest form of psychic and magickal protection. Performing the Cross of Power and Protection daily (or several times a day if needed) would work better. (I have instructions for this simple but powerful technique on my website of you are interested.)

There are other more active methods like protection spells and so on, but without knowing why you are worried it’s difficult to advise. "Psychic Self Defense" by Dion Fortune is a must read/listen. Its in public domain so you can find free versions all over the place. She discusses wards in great detail. I have protective tattoos on many places on my body. First I got a bindrune with the runes for each element. Next I had the Foo Dogs and Kuan Yin tattooed on my back. My left bicep has the eyes of the Durga, and my right bicep has a hamsa. My tattoos keep away just about everything annoying. 😊

For non permanent options, you can take a hoodoo protection bath. I I'm happy to do my copy pasta if you do not know how to do a spiritual bath/wash. 

You can carry a protective mojo hand. They work great.

Also, I recommend a stellar sorcery talisman, or several. Sirius, Alkaid, Procyon, Debeb Algedi, Vega and Algol are all protectors. 

I particularly like my Oroboros Phylactery from Practical Occult. Alison, the mage who runs it, also makes quality Solomonic pentacles which are super helpful. I love my 5th of Mars when I purify and bless buildings. 

Blessings and good luck. I'm happy to answer any and all questions and will help further if possible. My guardian angels and spirit guides said to do both of the following (yes, I can hear/talk to them):

The easiest 24/7 protection method to pray once only for their lifetime: Pray to your guardian angels and spirit guides once by saying, "My real guardian angels and my real spirit guides please protect me all the time, until I die and my spirit is finally back home and is safe."

This one, you have to pray once every few months: "Archangel Michael, please remove all negative energies and any entities that are not of the middle path of light within me, around me, in my home, and around my home. Also, please put a fire barrier around me and around my home."

:) There are many ways to create a protection shield around you it differs from various readers..Such as talisman,Sak Yant,Rings ,mantra etc..

For me personally if I were in your place.. 

I would do mantra such as Maha Mrityunjaya Mantra chanting 108times with the same beads every single day  or listening 
And you might want to have a target like consistency of 30days /60days etc.. 
This really helps alot.. I ask for the protection of spiritual entities. They seem to only help when you ask them for it. The spiritual guides I have, I call the psychologists, and the psychic police. But you can try and call anyone you would trust. Your higher self, Jesus, angels, etc. What sorts of symptoms are you experiencing? And do they abate at all or slightly with the application of a psychic shield? Wear Lapis, Labradorite, Tiger's eye, and Black Tourmaline for protection.

Also shaker off daily. A metal soup can with sand works perfdctly.


Peace! Close your eyes and ask for a symbol, ward, sijal to flow to you. I use intense sticks to "draw, picture" them on the walls of the rental I'm living in. A little still gets in but I'm no longer getting bombarded by my neighbors stuff. Bro this is not a video game, it's real life. Magical shields do not exist you fool. OD is overdose?

Well, if you have someone who is addicted to drugs in your family, is clear that you know what could happen to them... I've found that living in the moment is far better than finding out about bad things in the future. I don't think it's better to know painful things beforehand unless you can stop them from happening. Can you focus in on just mundane things that wouldn't matter if they went well or not? Or more lighthearted things? I see paths and possibilities, I learned it's important to live in the moment, while iv come to believe maybe these paths are taken by other me's I have learnt to go with the flow. Seeing a passing of a loved one is never easy but it give the opportunity for something other don't get, time to be spent positively. Many have arguments nor issues there to stubborn to resolve and when one passes there a feelings of I should of.
I would personal not push your gift if that's all you see, but maybe the reason for it is something important to your life as odd as that seems,and while that might not make sense now maybe one day it will.
I feel my gifts something I gave myself on this incarnation, something to make me understand not to follow others and have a better understanding of existences. The important thing to do when you are forewarned is to develop the discipline to not let the bad visions and sense of helplessness weigh you down.  Instead reflect on why you are being shown these things before they happen.  Do not be hard on yourself when the timeline shifts.  Future events are changed many times and when they happen is shifted around by innumerable variables.  Being a few days off is still highly accurate and nothing to beat yourself up for.  Precognition is not an exact science. Therapy Everything that needs to change in your life will come crashing down.

Bad habits, health things you've ignored or put off your relationships and career will be tested. 

It's not always a good thing because unless you are ready to make the necessary changes - you either make them or face the consequences. 

Because you won't see the world the same way as you did before and your values and beliefs will be permanently changed. 

And you will see the world isn't aligned with those values. Not aligned with peace. Not aligned with what's right for the environment. Even the knowledge that modern make up, clothing, computers and phones are touched by slave and child labor. 

It's about how deeply you are aware of yourself and how you relate to this world. 

If you always have natural 6th sense it will be heightened but that's not what changes. It's you. Thank you for that explanation. I have always wondered about this myself You could end up dealing with sudden psychic influences without knowing their source. You might also suffer from headaches for a while as you learn how to protect yourself from psychic input. some practices say not to pursue the 3rd eye and just let it open naturally while you are practising. The mind must be controlled. Or a master must guide you. If the third eye opens and for example, you are able to manipulate fire. It will be controlled by your thoughts cause that's where the third eye resides. So lets say you are talking to someone and they make you angry and you imagine they catch on fire. Then it will happen. Or if you have a loved one you care about you might just be talking to them then a thought of worry might come in of you catching them on fire and it will happen. The fire is just an example it can go with any third eye ability. It's like any movie where the hero or villain can't control his or her powers. No powers is better then uncontrolled powers. Relax your vision.  Look slightly beyond the tops of tree lines into the sky beyond.  Let your peripheral vision focus in just a bit to the top of the treeline.  For me it comes up as differing shades of light green.  This works for everything.  People, and even inanimate objects.  

One of the most interesting is planes.  Don't focus on it, but slightly past and behind.  It looks pretty wild.  For me it is mostly like a dark blob of energy running along slightly behind the plane.  With a darker aura around the planet itself. The trees always speak to me. Like they’ll be perfectly still and then the wind will move them in my favor. I love the way they move. You know they omit a lot of oxygen, so they are life to us and should be easy to see. Are you on the computer or looking on your phone screen or even having the lights on? If so, maybe you can start there to look at your screen less often. As the other person said. that it is good to relax your vision. And stay with natural light from the sun. I did here there is a thing called sun gazing so, I'm not sure if that would help or hurt that ability. The best time to sun gaze is in early morning or when the sun goes down.  


It is also good to eat healthy as well with vitamins or minerals that would be good for your 3rd eye. And avoid fluoride in toothpaste. But I'm personally don't know what I'm saying myself so, hopefully this is still good information. Based on my research in the past.   


I personally would like to see auras myself, but I don't think my eyes have the ability to currently. But looking to learn and to improve. I'm also on the computer all the time, so I do see a lot of improvement to be made for myself. Either way, Hope this helps. 😎

Update: I forgot to mention that it is good to drink water as well. Not any water but make sure it is good for your health and possibly alkaline. Try looking at night! I see the auras quite well at night, against the dark sky. It's a faint, transparent luminosity like you described. As others suggested, relax your vision, don't look directly for it. Practicing seeing is how you get better at seeing. I can touch trees and my whole crown and head start buzzing. I literally for the first time today seen a trees aura!!!! It was amazing!!!! **Taken from "The Archangel Guide to the Natural World" by Diana Cooper.**

(The original text tells of the spiritual qualities of many trees, not enough room in this post for them. If anyone wants a link to a pdf of the book just comment or message me)

*Message from the Trees*

We come from the heart of God with

nothing to learn and much to offer. We

were seeded on Earth for the benefit of

the human, animal, bird and insect

kingdom and to nurture the planet

itself, physically, emotionally and

spiritually. We radiate love and healing

to you.

*Physical nurturing:* Trees offer wood to build shelters, boats and anything else we may need to construct.

They provide shade from the sun and protection from the elements.

They house animals, birds and insects.

They provide food.

*Emotional nurturing:* Every variety of tree carries a quality that it radiates in its auric field to help those that

seek it.

Trees and plants react to the lower thoughts of humans and respond positively to their

loving thoughts.

Trees give healing.

*Spiritual nurturing:* These wise sentient beings keep records of local history.

Forests are keepers of ancient wisdom. They use it to help the energy of the country in

which they grow.

Large forests bring light, containing wisdom and knowledge, down from the stars and

higher beings of the universes to store or to pass into Hollow Earth.

*Visualization to Help the Trees:*

1. Find a place where you can be quiet and undisturbed.
2. Call on Archangel Purlimiek, the angel of nature, and sense his beautiful greenblue energy.
3. Allow any tree to come into your mind’s eye.
4. Bless it and thank it for coming to you.
5. Invoke the Gold Ray of Christ to pour down through the tree and spread through

its roots.

6. Invoke the Lilac Fire of Source to pour down through the tree and spread out

through its roots.

7. Invoke Archangel Michael’s deep blue protective energy to pour down through

the tree and spread out through its roots.

8. Invoke the Angel Mary’s aquamarine light of divine feminine wisdom to pour

down through the tree and spread out through its roots.

9. Invoke Archangel Sandalphon’s silver light of balance and harmony to pour

down through the tree and spread out through its roots.

10. Take a moment to invoke any energies you feel drawn to and see them flowing

down through the tree.

11. Imagine the colours flowing from root to root, connecting the tree network and

energizing the ley lines.

12. Open your eyes knowing you have helped the trees. 3-4am is the most subtle period of the night..During this period psychic abilities are more elevated in terms of sensitivity thus  spirits could just whisper into your ears or try to scare you .. 

The best you can do is to Affirm this believe to yourself

'If I had to die then nothing can stop me from dying and if my time is not up yet then there is no force in universe that can hurt me' 

This total acceptance of this affirmation consciously might help you ;) I don't have a ton of insight to your particular situation, but I'll share some things that happened to me in case they might be meaningful to you. 

One time when I was on DMT I telepathically asked one of the entities how I could join them.  She basically said that I already know, which I took to mean that I would die before I join them.  I've also had encounters during deep meditation that suggested my death is impending, but that it won't matter because I'll basically shift dimensions or into another realm or something and then I'll understand.  The message was pretty clear in both that I'm not likely to reach old age, but also that death is not the tragedy that we've been taught to think that it is.  It is more similar to shedding a skin than suffering a true death that leads to non-existence.

As a result of my experiences, including several near death experiences, I'm not really worried about death in the philosophical sense.  Biologically, my body will try to survive, but my consciousness is energy and my energy can only be transferred from one vessel to another.  I sleep well at night knowing that my death is approaching, whether in decades or maybe sometime tomorrow, but I'm confident that the timing of my death is irrelevant. I think a good question would be who planted that thought in your head, or who whispered it. Death from the spirit world doesn't mean the same here as on earth. Thier concept of death doesn't exist because it doesn't happen in the spirit world. When death is mentioned it usually means "the end of something". Life is in stages and when one stage ends another stage begins. Such as death means your living stage has ended and now your starting back at the spirit stage. Death as in the end, could be a feeling, emotions you carrying, or even a way of living. Something is going to change for you, keep your eyes open, don't  be quick to judge let everything play out. The best advice I could give is enjoy each day as chance to start over. Everything happens for a reason, we may not like the way its happening but in the end you will know why it had to happen this way. Just give it time and you will have a better understanding of what the dream is trying to tell you. It could have been someone/something trying to mess with you. Every day should be your concern, not what may or may not come to pass. This the second post in a row talking about hearing they gonna die
What the hell type shit y'all doin
I only hear nice things My guardian angel and spirit guides said you have 2 guardian angels and 5 spirit guides. My guides talked to yours and they said that you have negative entities around you. These entities are messing with you, and that's all I can say. They also told me to teach you how to protect yourself and your family easily, so that's what I'm going to do. Yes, I can talk/hear my guardian angel and spirit guides, that's how I know. Please do the the following two:

The easiest 24/7 protection method for each individual to pray once only for their lifetime: Pray to your guardian angels and spirit guides once by saying, "My real guardian angels and my real spirit guides please protect me all the time, until I die and my spirit is finally back home and is safe."

This one, you have to pray once every few months from each individual: "Archangel Michael, please remove all negative energies and any entities that are not of the middle path of light within me, around me, in my home, and around my home. Also, please put a fire barrier around me and around my home."

Please pray these two prayer for your babies too since they can't read or understand :) I'm going to echo what someone else said. Death doesn't always mean your physical body. It could be a big change in your life Probably what you said Some people are born with innate psychic abilities which are much more sensitive then others ..Your psychic abilities is much more sensitive that you accurately predict your mom death.. I probably think this is not only person you predicted accurately also you do also experience deja vu.. don't you? There are no such things as coincidences.  Every human alive has psychic ability and learning how to tap into your subconscious and trust your intuition is the way to unlock it. Sounds like your grandmother called your mother, or maybe not. But I always hear of parents calling their children to die after they have. My aunt died right after her mother, my grandmother, died. What do you do with such knowledge? I definitely trust my intuition, but when major things happen it’s not until after that I realize, “hey wait, I already kind of saw this happen” I am truly sorry for the loss of your grandmother and your mother and hope that knowing your mama is with your grandmother is a little comfort  take care💛 this isn’t lucid dreaming, that’s when you are fully aware you are dreaming whilst in a dream. this sounds more like the beginning stages of clairvoyance. meditation helps strengthen it if you want to. This sounds like clairvoyance to me. During my spiritual awakening, I had this pretty often and I still get it if I lower my barriers a bit. The faces are nearby spirits--they tend to be drawn to people with mediumistic gifts. You're kind of like light in a dark room to them. This happens to me all the time for my entire adult life. It’s not lucid dreaming, but it seems to happen to me when I’m tired or didn’t sleep well the night before. Alcohol aides clairvoyance. You have the gift that is ready for development I have had visions happen to me during that period between wakefulness and sleep. I do not know what that means though I have been told there is a "perfectly mundane explanation" for it called "exploding head syndrome."

Though interestingly enough, that stopped (seeing faces/bodies/etc) when the space I live in was properly warded, energetically. So... there's that. I think your third eye is opening or you are in a lucid dream where you are fully conscious awhile dreaming.. sounds like remote viewing yeah Sounds like some form of extended remote viewing I have this as well and thought it was common until I asked a classroom full of my high school students. Only one had similar experiences. I will see faces of people I never met before so vividly. Is your imagination and a lucid dream > And that was her telling me I have a spiritual blockage that’s preventing me from really moving forward

Always this nonsense... People need to stop falling for it. Someone can be an accurate reader yet still be a scammer as well. 

Variations on ‘you have a blockage’ are a very popular scam I’m afraid. You’ve done right to ask because I think this is con artist too. I wouldn’t even bother to speak to her again, she’ll have some wordy explanation for you, but bottom line is anyone who tries to upsell you anything that is preventing you for doing, being, realising, becoming or meeting anyone or anything is playing on your most basic fears and relying on that being the thing to make you open your wallet. Just block her now & walk away. 

For the record, I don’t feel you have any blockages but if you want to, do an online search for free chakra meditation or healings, cleansing or even just meditations. There’s plenty of free resources out there if you feel you’d like to try them. You can unblock anything blocked yourself. And she could’ve given you guidance as to how. If you can, try and get your money back. Yes this is absolutely a scam, one we keep seeing repeated time and time again. I’m really sorry. Definitely a scam. Run away. I can remove the blockage in half the time for half the price! 🤣

Yeah, you getting scammed. Blockages are real. Money doesn’t remove them. Identifying the issue if it exists (spoilers, we all have issues) and addressing it is a good idea. But no way I would pay a psychic $300 for anything!

I’ve been out of this area for a while but $70 seems high for a reading to my cheap self. Is that the going rate now? Oh dear lord. This is definitely a scam!! There are no blockages that you can't work through yourself. Please don't pay them any money. You’re as duped as you believe you are. You’re the perceiver here, I tend to find if you’re blocked it’s for a reason. You won’t unblock yourself unless you’re ready to be unblocked, I myself wouldn’t pay another human Jack shit but to each their own, if you don’t want to acknowledge that it’s all within you as much as it is outside of you, it’s your journey not mine. Personally for me,I would give my clients a comfortable experience only after I am done with the reading & analysing..I charge..This kind of detachement helps both ways the client & the reader alot from expectations & false hopes I guess.. You only need to ask specifically for them to come and help. If you aren’t sure about AA Michael specifically, then ask for the help from the most appropriate arch Angel to come and assist you with your request. 

It really is that easy. Simply ask. I always just say archangel micheal protect me or help me and I just imagine he’s here with me already works for me angels/archangels and Spirit guides usually come one I call for them the first time Hi guys and thanks in advance. I am currently going through a really hard time and I remember years ago a healer told me to pray and ask her his help. I just don’t know what to do Yes it really is that simple, just ask. St. Michael the Archangel, 
defend us in battle. 
Be our defense against the wickedness and snares of the Devil. 
May God rebuke him, we humbly pray, 
and do thou, 
O Prince of the heavenly hosts, 
by the power of God, 
thrust into hell Satan, 
and all the evil spirits, 
who prowl about the world 
seeking the ruin of souls. Amen. .

O glorious prince St. Michael, 
chief and commander of the heavenly hosts, 
guardian of souls, vanquisher of rebel spirits, 
servant in the house of the Divine King
and our admirable conductor, 
you who shine with excellence
and superhuman virtue deliver us from all evil,
who turn to you with confidence
and enable us by your gracious protection
to serve God more and more faithfully every day. I just started doing the Lesser Banishing Ritual of The Pentagram and one of the entities I evoked was archangel Michael. I feel like doing this would help you immensely as it has helped me more than I could write here. Here is a guided version so you can just play it and follow along with your intention: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WghE3MIYXBs I grabbed the Bible next to my bed and screamed “help!”. Michael was sent.

I’m not sure you can request a special person. And I’m not a Christian so it might be confusing. I asked him to come in the name of Jesus to cast away demons from my medium friend then thanked him with his sigil of course. I have found in my years that when you are needing answers you call out to the universe / god in your mind and ask them to show you a sign. It does take some time for this to come to fruition. However when you speak with conviction the things that will happen will be a path showing you what you need to know. I have found that it is better to focus on god regardless if you are religious or not. If you call on god or universe however you want to label it, than your answers will come for the divine. However be careful because you will find many people who are following various guides but it does not mean those guides are pure. Just like in the material world you can find people who are claiming to be good but have poor intent and end up getting hurt. It's important when you are connecting you focus on your heart and let it discern for you to remove the masks of various guides. I know there are many who work with other guides but in my experience you want to work with the person from the top who has designed everything. Let me know if it works and sometimes visual exercises help too. :) Call upon him with clear heart and intentions and ask all u have to do is ask, AA Michael responds v quickly he is a good bodyguard & spiritual protector Also call him to come clear out your home or room if you feel something is off. I’m pagan and call on him. He’s really thorough and helpful. I also thank him and let him go when the work is done. Wut like da one in da bible? Idk man I don't even think you can do that Honestly I just vibe with them. You know, put on some headphones and start groovin to some funky dance music while talking to them. They’re super playful you just gotta kind match their energy to start forming a relationship. Just start talking to them I guess. [deleted] I use a pendulum. Besides that my main guide speaks to me while meditating or in dream state. I like to talk to mine out loud. in the car, getting ready for the day, whatever. I treat it like they’re just always there watching me (because they are) so might as well include them- they throw signs in a nanosecond at times. Different people have different gifts. Meditate and try to find out what gift you’re have that allows you to interact with them. Some hear. Some see. Some feel. Ask your spirit guide(s) to help your figure it out. Then be receptive. 
Relationships just take time and trust. Work with them and follow their advice. 

I have some more info on my website about this if you are interested let me know. I first connected with mine through a pendulum and I only had one at the time. Now I’ve gotten much closer by learning what exactly they’re guiding me with through my tarot cards. We’re practicing with dowsing rods now as well. Creating a light energy in the room is important because it can be hard for some to communicate. I’ve gained two more spirit guides since my first encounter. I can now communicate with them with my mind by creating and visualizing a space or box in my head to receive messages. That’s how I know their names :) I really like The Witch’s Book of Spirits by Devin Hunter. He gives a lot of good tips and instructions One thing that I do, is I will try and draw or paint them or write them letters in my journal it really helps me a lot (: Tbh, simply talking with them, ik some ppl over complicate stuff like this, I was one of these pple as well but in the end, just approach them the normal way you would with a friend and a connection sure will be forged Music is a great way to connect. Meditating is also a good way to train up the senses that let you "hear" and "see" them. Just like any friend or mentor, the more you reach out and communicate with them, the closer your relationship will become. Guided Meditation to Meet your Guides.  There are some excellent ones on YouTube.  First and foremost, you must physically call on them to join you.  Seek and you will find... 💜 They modify my desires, and give me pings about things that need to be done and I follow through and do them.  They also keep me calm and nuked my anxiety and depression altogether. I'm going to copy what I said in another post since I don't want to type it all out. It's someone asking me how I was able to hear, see, feel my higher self, guardian angels, and spirit guides without any tools. I think these information should help you:  
  
"Well, in my personal experiences, in the beginning of my journey, I started using pendulum and oracle cards to ask questions that are related to spirituality. I also meditate 30 minutes a day. This is when my whole vision was fully covered in bright white light, then I extended my meditation to an hour a day. I used my pendulum daily to ask questions for understanding and guidance. While doing these, I started learning spirituality topics, then it extended into me learning how to do energy work, witchcraft, energy healing, protection, and so on online and by using my pendulum as a guide to see if I was doing it correctly. One of my strongest ability at the time that I always had (I didn't even know) was clear knowing, so that helped too. As I was meditating, I started to see light moving around, and touches on my body. The touch can be felt like itches in the beginning, but you should not shrug it off, as they are teaching you to use your clear feeling ability, same with seeing the light (clear seeing). Over time, you will notice each spirit has a different feel to them, such as warm, neutral, statically, etc... Soon you will even feel pressure from their touches. You can even feel how they feel, and feel where they are around you. As you pay attention, you will start noticing that these light are not random, they are your guides. Each different light color represent different entity. They are letting you know and teaching you that it is them, and are trying to make you contemplate on why you are seeing these lights. Eventually you will start seeing images and visions. For clear hearing, always pay attention to outside sounds / inner sounds during meditation and during your daily life. Their voice can sound like your inner monologue, but it's not, don't shrug it off. As you keep on meditating and listening, you will start to be able to differentiate between your inner monologue voice, your ego voice, your guides voice, and other spirit voices. I heard that there are people that can hear voices from outside their heads, but they are less common than those that hear from within their heads. Remember, your guides are teaching you or trying to tell you something during meditation, and you should be trying to understand them, not ignore them. They could be teaching you all your clair abilities. If they are not, before meditation, pray to them to teach you. Even not from meditation, try to feel their guidance on your daily life, and use your abilities on your daily life. As you keep on meditating, working/interacting with your guides, understanding your guides' teaching, practice their teachings, practice the abilities you learned online, contemplating for the truth, researching, increasing your vibration, learning spiritual topics, learning how to use your psychic abilities, you will eventually be able to develop all of your Clair abilities and do the things you wanted to do. And the more you practice your abilities, the clearer and stronger they get. Now I don't need to meditate the whole hour as my guides will tell me when to stop.  
  
I hope everything goes well!" Through frequency specifically 528hz or 639hz 
Or you could connect via deity by meditating in front of the diety with incenses.. or through mantra chanting.. I'm not too sure what your question is really! If you find him helpful, you should keep working with him. In spirit work people can try to put rigid labels on things, but in practice they are not really valid. To me if it's a spirit that guides me in some way, they are a spirit + guide, spirit guide. It's a good thing! I'm not sure what your expectations are of a spirit guide.  It sounds like you think all spirit guides advise you on things in your life?  In my opinion/experience this is very individual to the person in question.   Spirit guides are sometimes with us for life.  Sometimes they come and go.  Usually they perform some kind of "role" or have a particular niche.

While some spirits/guides (especially ancestors) may have very strong OPINIONS on what you *should* or *shouldn't* do with your life at the end of the day it's their opinion.  They can "guide" you but at the end of the day you have to make your own choices.

To me it sounds like the role of this spirit guide is to be a protector spirit.  Protector spirits (in general) tend to be more fierce than they are conversational.  They perform a function to keep  other spirits messing with you.  Often, they tend to be gruff in personality, as it's basically part of their role.  Think of this way, how many security guards have you met that were super friendly, welcoming and chatty?  Probably not many, as being gruff is part of their demeanor.

If this guide consistently shows up for you, to me it would indicate you need to have this kind of spirit in your life.  I can't say why that may be.  It may be so you can learn to be more balanced, or to learn a life skill, or some other reason.  It's for you to find out.  If a spirit is non-verbal, then figure out other ways to communicate.  Observe what he does and how he moves, mimic him (shapeshift), and allow yourself to be a little bit more primal, rather than "heady". Boundaries. Everything about mediumship is about our boundaries.  

You can absolutely and politely ask this guy to step aside so you can communicate with other spirits who love you unconditionally

I have one spirit friend who is very intense and like, always there, every time I turn around. It’s nothing malicious, he’s not trying to crowd me, he’s just very intense. I’ve been asking him to stand aside and let me talk to other spirits, and that has helped me a lot, and even helped my relationship with him Mens business is done shoulder to shoulder. It sounds like this spirit is there for you even if he is not communicating verbally at the moment. As with any relationship, especially a working relationship, just relax into it, let it be what it is, let him be what he is.  It sounds like you feel pretty safe around him, so just be enjoy the interaction, whatever it is.

Communication comes in many different forms, and it sounds like he is teaching you, and that there is a lot to learn from him.  Just stay attentive, watch what he does, when he does it, and how.

I must say, he sounds pretty cool!  :-)

(*edit to add*) However, he may not be there forever. His work with you might just be for a time, until you have grown to the place where you are strong enough to cope without him, and you have learned all you can from him.  At that point, the relationship may change, he may move on, and someone else or others may step in to take you further. TLDR just popping in to say you absolutely have one thats been with you since birth. others may come and go. how they present themselves is sort of a reflection of your connotations and what you’d except someone of certain qualities to appear as (: You say he's not talking and yet, there are probably a thousand ways to communicate (especially in dreams) that don't require talking. I'm going to copy what I said in another post since I don't want to type it all out. It's someone asking me how I was able to hear, see, feel my higher self, guardian angels, and spirit guides without any tools. I think these information should help you:  
  
"Well, in my personal experiences, in the beginning of my journey, I started using pendulum and oracle cards to ask questions that are related to spirituality. I also meditate 30 minutes a day. This is when my whole vision was fully covered in bright white light, then I extended my meditation to an hour a day. I used my pendulum daily to ask questions for understanding and guidance. While doing these, I started learning spirituality topics, then it extended into me learning how to do energy work, witchcraft, energy healing, protection, and so on online and by using my pendulum as a guide to see if I was doing it correctly. One of my strongest ability at the time that I always had (I didn't even know) was clear knowing, so that helped too. As I was meditating, I started to see light moving around, and touches on my body. The touch can be felt like itches in the beginning, but you should not shrug it off, as they are teaching you to use your clear feeling ability, same with seeing the light (clear seeing). Over time, you will notice each spirit has a different feel to them, such as warm, neutral, statically, etc... Soon you will even feel pressure from their touches. You can even feel how they feel, and feel where they are around you. As you pay attention, you will start noticing that these light are not random, they are your guides. Each different light color represent different entity. They are letting you know and teaching you that it is them, and are trying to make you contemplate on why you are seeing these lights. Eventually you will start seeing images and visions. For clear hearing, always pay attention to outside sounds / inner sounds during meditation and during your daily life. Their voice can sound like your inner monologue, but it's not, don't shrug it off. As you keep on meditating and listening, you will start to be able to differentiate between your inner monologue voice, your ego voice, your guides voice, and other spirit voices. I heard that there are people that can hear voices from outside their heads, but they are less common than those that hear from within their heads. Remember, your guides are teaching you or trying to tell you something during meditation, and you should be trying to understand them, not ignore them. They could be teaching you all your clair abilities. If they are not, before meditation, pray to them to teach you. Even not from meditation, try to feel their guidance on your daily life, and use your abilities on your daily life. As you keep on meditating, working/interacting with your guides, understanding your guides' teaching, practice their teachings, practice the abilities you learned online, contemplating for the truth, researching, increasing your vibration, learning spiritual topics, learning how to use your psychic abilities, you will eventually be able to develop all of your Clair abilities and do the things you wanted to do. And the more you practice your abilities, the clearer and stronger they get. Now I don't need to meditate the whole hour as my guides will tell me when to stop.  
  
I hope everything goes well!" I suggest you listen to 639hz and meditate with headphones on this could be a beginner step as it synchronised your brainwave to certain states..

After that slowly you detach yourself from using headphones..

Or you could have a deity and have incenses & meditate provided the environment is quiet & there is no disturbance.. You need to set boundaries and put up a “membrane” of sorts. For example, ask to only see spirits that are positive or that you are capable of helping. Try to find a reason you would want to see them, and then only filter in that type. It will take some practice but try to structure the reality rather than jumping in the ocean. Good luck! Everything that shows up in your life experience is, in some way, a reflection of you. Also, everything is cut from the same cloth: infinite, unconditionally loving consciousness. At the core of every being is that same divine reality.

How many humans do you know who have remembered their connection to the divine and truly live it? We could say that most humans don't remember. They can do nasty things, things we call evil, though the beings themselves are not evil at their core. How could they be, when  we are all made of the same 'stuff'? Trauma causes us to forget.

It is possible that your own fears are projected on these beings, distorting their forms. It's also possible they are intentionally looking that way to scare you and feed off fear/conflict energy, which is a 'food source' for beings who have forgotten their divine connection. 

Either way, it's a reflection of something within you. The solution here is to continue being aware of emotional patterns and patterns of thought which do not serve you. Gently, lovingly feeling our feelings and rewriting mental 'programming' is how we heal trauma. I have the exact same problem except the things I see are all FAT. Like HULKING HUGE kinda warrior types, it's TERRIFYING. <*******-(!!!!!!!
I have tried everything to be rid of them, nothing has worked & my boundaries are always crossed/breeched. I'm just nothing but a toy to these damn things & it's been going on my whole life now.
From my experience there's no way to stop or lessen it.
Not at all.
The only way is to get out of the area. I live in a haunted house & the houses that were terrible were truly just unexplainably TERRIBLE. The only good one was wonderful & I was able to heal & sleep in safety & peace for once. 

As for what you can do (other than say, sleeping somewhere else, or changing out the mattress or furniture, just in case this is the problem) I don't know what to say.

I have found some answers though, as to why this is happening. Turns out there is a race of Underground Reptiles who are Exceedingly Psychic, Telepathic & ... well, just plain EVIL. I don't know if they live in this dimension or not, but personally I have find that there seems to be a whole TON of different creatures, not just these things. Anyway, these dark entities; they like to ... "Play w/their food" & they *Seem* to "feed" off of negative emotions, or so I have been told.
But personally I have found that the positive emotions of mask the pain & horrors that they are doing to me & others.
I have watched them influence people's thinking & emotions; making people decide & do some incredibly SCREWY stuff. =-(!  All Horribly NEGATIVE mind you, nothing ever for the good. They always get people to do incredibly imaginative, you could never think of that, selfish & self centered, to the point of Narcissistic or even Psychopathic stuff. Just totally paranoid knowing that the other person is taking money from them or cheating or who knows what & they say &/or do something that totally destroys the other person & steals money from them. They always steal money, across the board, even if it's only through keeping resources when they kick the other person out.
Either way, these things seem to like anger & paranoia the most. 
As for how to save someone? I don't know if that's possible.
As for how to save yourself from being attacked by these things? Also no idea. 
As far as I can tell there is no way. 
I have not been able to save or even protect myself yet, despite doing absolutely everything in the Christian religion possible. =-/! 
So yeah.
Overall I understand, you're not alone or nuts. You don't need to worry for your mental health, this stuff is real. 
And just to let you know, I believe you. 
Sometimes just hearing that you are not alone & not nuts is all that is needed.
Sorry I wasn't able to help or comfort but at least you are not alone.
I hope my comment helped in some way.
🙏❤️❤️❤️🙏 get an energy healing done. Ive had experiences with negative things latching on when I was in a very dark place We attract what we dwell on. If you're constantly thinking about bad things, even if it's only to get rid of them, you will attract them. 

My experience with dark beings is that you need to firmly say out loud to them that if they do not come with love and light, then they are not welcome in your presence. Tell them (and **believe** it) that you are a child of  God and have nothing to fear from them. Tell them to leave. They will go away. My guardian angel and spirit guides said that you have 3 guardian angels, 5 spirit guides, 3 spirit animals, and 1 ascended master. Your guides said that the beings you are seeing are negative beings and demons. They said to be careful with what witchcraft, psychic, and spiritual things you are learning because you can make things worse if you don't know what you are doing. They want you to ask them to guide you in some way before you start doing any of those. They also told me to teach you easy ways to protect yourself, which I am going to do. And yes, I can hear/talk to my guardian angel and spirit guides, and that's how I know :). Please do the following two please:

  
The easiest 24/7 protection method for each individual to pray once only for their lifetime: Pray to your guardian angels and spirit guides once by saying, "My real guardian angels and my real spirit guides please protect me all the time, until I die and my spirit is finally back home and is safe."

This one, you have to pray once every few months from each individual: "Archangel Michael, please remove all negative energies and any entities that are not of the middle path of light within me, around me, in my home, and around my home. Also, please put a fire barrier around me and around my home." happened to me when I was a child and didn’t know what happened but you definitely transferred your consciousness. It’s actually a known technique were you can transfer consciousness into people, animals, and objects. The ability is called trance mediumship, which is the ability to allow another being to come into your body and take control. Trance mediumship is found int the crown chakra. It's also one of the ways we leave our body when we sleep, the other being out the third chakra. 

Some healers use this ability to perform out of body healings on someone else, either in the same room or remotely. The advantage to this healing technique is the being doing the healing doesn't have to deal with the filters and pictures in their space; they just leave their space and go into the body of the healee and do their work, without prejudice or emotion.

This does usually require an agreement between the healer and the healee. In your case, you and you partner made an agreement to experience what you experienced.

Really cool experience IMO. 

One thing I learned from working with a group of trance mediums for a few years is doing a cleanout after each session is necessary. It's not a big deal, like you're doing yourself harm. It's more like washing the windshield on your car. If you don't, over time you can't see out of your windshield.

In your case, it's going to maintain your awareness at this clearer and more fun level.

Why is this necessary? Whenever a being that is not the owner of the body enters another body and then leaves, a slight film of energy is left behind. It's not negative energy, but it doesn't belong to the owner of the body and can't be used by the owner to create anything. Over time, it can get think enough to cloud your spiritual senses.

There's lots of ways to clean this up. The simplest is to use a symbol. Dust mops seem to work for a lot of people. I use a rose that attracts and holds any energy in my space that's not mine, especially in my head, combined with a grounding cord so the energy has a safe place to go away from me. You may already have some technique, and that's even better if you're happy with it.

Really impressive awareness on your parts of playing a spiritual game. Well done. No but that's awesome, although, also unsettling.  Sort of related, I've felt my consciousness separate from my body when I say my name out loud to myself.  It's like, it's so weird for me to here myself say my own name in a certain way that it makes me feel like I'm not me and like I'm someone else and my consciousness leaves to what feels like inches outside of myself as if I'm observing myself like I'm someone else.  Seriously a weird feeling.  I wonder if it's the same sort of thing that happened with you except you had another persons body to readily jump into? Damn what an awesome experience. Imagine the possibilities of mastering this 🤯 Wonderful post, wonderful comments. Hello Dear,   
I am so sorry to hear you are experiencing this problem. I do not believe this is coming from your aura, and I want you to know you do not have evil energy. No one is evil, not at the soul level.   
It sounds like some limiting beliefs are impacting your manifestations, and even though we want something at the surface, sometimes inside we feel so intense about something because we don't feel it will happen, so we repel it.   
I know that in the past, some people have tried visual exercises to help clear their energy where they see themselves living the life they truly desire, and it does take time and practice, but it does work.   
We start to see things change in our life when we let go of control of those things and by control, I mean like really, really wanting something. We kind of have to switch our energy from wanting to believe we will have it in time.  
I'm sorry if it sounds silly; it is very effective.  
Also, as far as spirit guides go, I would try to open your energy again to the universe.   
We must surrender to the belief that we have a grand plan for all of us, and that's when we start to see the magic.   
When we become curious and ask questions, we start to see our intuition kick on in hyperdrive and see our future unfold. Thanks so much My guardian angel and spirit guides said that you have 3 guardian angels, and 5 spirit guides. My guides talked to yours, and they said that you have negative entities in you and around you. They also said that the the spirit guide you talked to before was not your real spirit guide; It was the negative entities pretending to be your spirit guide. Your guides also told me to show you how to protect yourself easily, which I am going to do. And yes, I can talk/hear my guardian angel and spirit guides, and that's how I know :). Please do the following two:

The easiest 24/7 protection method for each individual to pray once only for their lifetime: Pray to your guardian angels and spirit guides once by saying, "My real guardian angels and my real spirit guides please protect me all the time, until I die and my spirit is finally back home and is safe."

This one, you have to pray once every few months from each individual: "Archangel Michael, please remove all negative energies and any entities that are not of the middle path of light within me, around me, in my home, and around my home. Also, please put a fire barrier around me and around my home."

I hope everything goes well! I see little orbs daily or almost daily, usually perfectly timed during some difficult thought or emotion. In my case, they seem to be from guides/higher self, a gentle reminder to go within. They're usually stationary and flash for a second, leaving a small afterimage, but sometimes they zip by. They seem to be in the mind's eye rather than something 'external'.

Twice in one night, and on the same night my mother saw something similar, I saw much larger ones. Perhaps golf ball-sized, and they looked like distinctly three-dimensional objects moving through space. This may be more similar to what you have seen, but perhaps larger. They seemed like something I could have taken a picture of if they weren't so fast and brief.

What does it mean? Well, probably different for everyone. What does it mean to *you?*  What thoughts and feelings are happening right before, during, and right after you see them? This will give you more insight than any answer on here possibly could about what the orbs represent. [deleted] Flashes in one's vision can be a sign of a possible migraine coming on, or a sign of impending retinal detachment. If the latter, you would end up blind unless it got treatment immediately upon detachment. Be careful. Sometimes these flashes you’re talking about are actually eye issues. Please check w optometrist to rule out all possibilities. I’ve seen ectoplasm. It’s smoke appearing out of nothing and disappearing quickly yall are kind of embarrassing at this point, everyone can see what you're talking about. especially in the dark. I see figures out the corner of my eyes all the time. This happened after the passing of my mom in 2020 I see orbs with my nose personally. I have but it's been awhile, I see shadows all the time, lots of animal shadows and human. Day and night. Beloved one, we are in a place where beings walk amongst us. The dark orbs we see with the corner of our eyes, are some of these beings. These beings are not good in nature, but they are merely observers. They are not allowed to harm you. Usually, you will not encounter a passed loved one through orbs. (like almost never) These beings are sent to dwell the world with negative intentions. I have been seeing orbs for a very long time. It is best to find comfort in knowing that they cannot really do anything. Other than that, you should ignore them and carry on with your daily life. I hope you have a nice day/ night. Take it easy. stare at the sun and let it open you up to the reality. an orb is just like a fingerprint of what you really could be seeing. stare at the sun in the first and last 30 minutes of the day. be barefoot in the grass or on a rock I see what might be or orbs outside at night though when I’m taking pictures. I just assume it’s the element. Yes, they come in different colors. Just floatin around A lot of times very tiny clear crystal orbs that float with almost intelligent awareness in my peripheral visions. 

Only once have i seen legitimate light similar to a movie with jeremy renner as some type of agent in the desert with a small squad of spec ops being hunted by some type of being. Yes 🙋‍♀️🙋‍♀️🙋‍♀️ I caught a picture of one early 2000’s, it was right beside me when I was laying down, I’m sure it was my momma 💕🌸. [deleted] I see orbs occasionally I've only ever seen one thing that might have been an orb, but I have seen figures, both of humans and smaller beings, as well as a few animals. 

The orb thing was smoky black as at first I thought it was a male mosquito, but then I remembered it was February and extremely cold out. Mosquitos don't survive that weather. I was looking directly at it as it rose in front of me and then quickly disappeared toward the door. Just prior to my bff dying last year, I saw these tiny twinkling yellow lights. One or 2 of them, on the ceiling, small.  Something told me I needed to get in the car and drive the few hours north to see her. See died that day. Subsequently, I ended up in hosp about 2 weeks later, having 2 seizures because of a swollen brain. (prob COVID related)  I have since seen these, usually every peripherally. Am afraid I’m going to have another seizure but I’m also an empath, so there’s that….lol I have many times!! The best view I ever got of one was when I was living with my ex and his family, tough time for me... I was in the kitchen doing the dishes and a bright white, slightly yellowish orb darts across both my arms directly in front of my eyes Yes, they’re beautiful. Often quick for me. Sometimes I even seen shimmers/flashes of light. Sometimes they’re medium sized. Sometimes they’re small and I’ve rarely seen large ones I’ve seen them visually with my own eyes and the mysterious part is I’ve always seen them as white or light but so did my mother when I was 2 Months and she was tending to me late at night by my crib. She’s told me the story since I was a child. The white orb floated with a white mist behind it from one room into the room she was with me and stopped right at my crib in front of her. She said it had a presence of an guardian over me. She felt like she was being told or shown this. Well there’s been other events where I could have lost my life early. The orbs however have been around me a few times. First they started small and quickly coming in and out with my naked eye. In 2013 I witnessed one with my bare eye moving very slowly in the sky of my front yard. I was laying in the grass under a few trees and a huge brown hawk flew quickly under the branches and swooped back into the sky. It was to create a gust of wind for my attention. I opened my eyes laying on the ground still and looked up seeing the large bird fly away. I stood and looked into the bare sky and there was an almost see through decent sized orb moving very slowly in what seemed like a straight line. This was when I asked it who it was and what it was doing but of course it kept gliding with this misty clear blue color and essence. I was practically underneath it as it was about 15ft from the ground or so. Then it disappeared. This was in Maryland. 2020 I was in Belen, NM and again witnessed another orb but larger and very blue. At sunset it shot out quickly from nowhere it seemed but it was near a few trees. I saw it float in front of that tree. So blue I remember. It was beautiful and mysterious like nothing else with my bare eyes. Like fluorescent blue which also matches the color of the 4th dimensional beings I also met in 2013. It moved out of site from where I was walking near my house but when I cut the corner to see where it went. It was just gone and the area was clear from trees. It’s New Mexico and a lot of farmland. I was so shook I tried to get my friend out there right after to sit with me hoping it would come back. Fascinating these orbs show up in photos but, that was so different for me when they began showing up visually too. Much love~ [removed] Y'all need to stop, I'm serious the mind is meant to question things this shit ain't healthy You can still do a natal chart. Just put 12 pm for the time. That 12 hour discrepancy isn’t enough to make a mess of it. If the time matters that much, it still would be a cusp event and you can use either side, whichever resonates best with you. 

Just use 12pm. Yeah, I think using a Psychic is a excellent idea! =-)! Plus it'll show the ones who are the real deal & the ones who are liars. =-)! Because of this you're kinda like the perfect litmus test for if they are just sharlitains or not. =-)! 
Anyone who is the real deal should be able to get this info., either easily or through difficulty,  it should be more than do-able.

Either way try to see this as a blessing more than a curse. If you're ever dragged to a Psychic by friends etc. You can ask when & where exactly you were born & if they can't give an accurate/correct answer then you know, they are not truly Psychic, they are merely entertainers. ;-)! I’ve had an astrologer make a chart for me and give me my exact birth time. I had a general idea of when it was but didn’t know the exact minute. Based on my major life events and when they took place this person was able to draw up a chart and give me the time of birth which was scary accurate to the time my mom had said it was. Your higher self is you, but more you than you remember you are. To my knowledge, everybody you interact with is alike you and meant to be allowed to be a part of your journey, wether or not they know it. You need an astrologer that can rectify a chart I know many spiritual concepts can be tricky to navigate, and I do not want you to worry about self-diagnosing. You know your abilities best, and even if you don't see the label yet does not mean you do not have any. Everyone has powers, whether they are already out or sitting inside of them. Everyone experiences their abilities differently, and they are expressed in different ways. So when it comes to the Clairs, it speaks to your five senses; that's the easy way to understand them. Our senses are sight, touch, smell, taste, and hear. When you are talking about the Clairs, imagine this to be your five senses becoming amplified to the point it can give you extra information on future-based events. Being an empath, you can sense things very quickly and become almost like a sponge to other people's emotions, allowing you to understand them better. However, when we are talking about Clairs such as clairvoyants, it means you can predict future-based events; usually, it comes to you visually or in a state of knowing like someone is telling you a story. The easiest way to cultivate your gifts and strengthen them is by building a friendship with your skills. Think about back in grade school when you were first making friends. You have to start with creating trust with your gifts just by doing little practice tests with yourself. You can channel by asking yourself (What will tomorrow be like?) then wait a moment and ask your intuition to show you, and it will express however it needs to, and then the next day, see if any of those events showed up. Over time you will build a deeper relationship with your intuition. I’m a medium and anything I see like that are images that come from the dead. It’s something someone who has passed is showing me, or they are appearing to me themselves. 

Maybe talk to your ancestors or your spirit guides. Like literally have a conversation with them. That’s what I do. Just talk to them, tune deeply into their energy. When I do this, they show up in the room. I feel them and see them but with my mind more than my eyes. But I feel their energy the way I would feel the physical presence of a living person so I know they’re actually there, and if I’m doing a reading for another person they often report their animals reacting to the person I’m seeing with them, so I know they are truly there. 

So try talking to them until they appear to you. Have a chat like they are with you and they may come to you. And it can be an ongoing conversation with them helping you in your day to day life and in your spiritual practice.

My grandparents help me constantly in my daily life now that I’ve started “including” them in my life more. So you may get that added benefit as well. 

Do you have any loved ones who have passed on that you can connect to in this way? Yes, mine improved. Sometimes, they're still fuzzy when they first appear, but when I put my focus on them, they clear up. The clearest one was possibly my first one when I was a teen. It was so clear I thought it was reality and when it stopped I was confused with the current reality. What I saw came to pass exactly as I lived it.

Even with all the practice and all the balancing of my chakras it’s still just a tad blurry. I don’t mind it because it helps me distinguish a vision from what is happening. I’ve developed clairsentience so now I can attach feelings to the blurry visions even if it still looks like I’m experiencing it, in the moments that it takes over my whole surrounding.

I am going to be reading CW Leadbeater’s Clairvoyance book as soon as I’m done with the other series I started. Iv seen things my who life, I often see the dead as dark masses floating shadows, I sometimes hear them. With only the inner right ear but it's not often.
I can't say I have even seen a clear image of what they looked like in life, I get skin colour etc where they show a part of there body like a four arm as a flash image, I'll get words and sentences that are not my thoughts like they are my inner voice, that's odd and had me doubt my gifts but when I tell the person it's confirmed. There no angels or demons but just like life good and bad and your can definitely have heaps around you guiding you that you may call angles.
I don't think there is such a thing as a clear image. It's the same as if I'm remembering something or thinking about something, they use the same methods and same voices of my head. As I said I have hear there voices but that's not often, thing is as a older adult that doesn't bother me anymore, I still get a heart race when a shadow comes at me, I have seem full bodies with my eyes but it's not often and I feel that's there ability. It's important when we pass over to learn our gifts, as a living person that been shown things it's important to explain there not in limbo and what is around them is there on imagination making it, they create there one heaven and hell, it's like being in a dream, what's known as God is the light and is a collective consciousness of all spirits, most fear judgement but should not and need to have that explained.
I was born with it so I'm use to it, I come accustomed to ignoring and keeping things to myself, it's easy if you communicate for them to suddenly become flooded by heaps and even hounded as your viewed as just a tool and they can get very frustrated and angry with you not working out what they show you or more to the point the person the message is for not understanding. Be great if it where a clear person in front and a voice external but it's far more messy. If you have any sort of emotional tension or anxiety/anger that can sometimes make visions fuzzier too. Not entirely sure but it sounds like what many strong Empaths experience. Empaths are like energy/emotional sponges, much of the time the transfer of this energy is unwarranted. If this is the case, it may be helpful to find ways to protect your own energy; receive the information but set boundaries. Use your discretion when getting involved with others.  Good luck :) This is deja vu..clearly 100% ..
Do you also predict anything via dream or in visions?If yes then your palm maybe have a x symbol.. What if it was you. Like the future you or your higher self guiding you? Like the movie Interstellar. I honestly just think you connected with your higher self hey, sorry you’re getting weird ass comments instead of answers i guess everyone is bored. first off i want to say that if you feel quintin, he is there. you are making contact with him :-) you’re not making it up. if you are unsure or a little scared, set a sign like seeing a certain animal or smell or noise or feather just to confirm. you’ll start seeing the signs very soon. i’m a medium and i felt called to tell you that he said he can hear you, feel you, and see you and he misses you so much. he’s proud of you. there is a lot of love 💜 second, if you’re nervous about the ouija board, try reaching out by speaking, use your voice. you can light a candle for protection, like when you light it state “i light this candle for protection from those who are trying to harm me and any entities that fo not have my best and highest interest in mind.” that should be good. really act like they’re there and ask if there are any beings trying to contact you :-) you will get an answer, it could be obvious, it could be subtle, either way you’ll know. approach this from a place of curiosity rather than fear, it seems like whoever it was tried to tell you that your parents were up to something. maybe they come through as other people. like they inhabit them for a sentence or two. kinda how i feel right now 😅 so anyways, try this out, let me know if it works and if you need help or are unsure of anything i can give you a little pep talk and your fear will not be able to get you 😊 best of luck, lots of love, don’t be afraid of the darkness, it is the same as the light. two sides of the same coin. Err.... I hate doing this but I keep seeing that year 1994 everywhere. That was the year I was born. October to be in fact but not giving the day. Lol

I've gotten into tarot cards and a friend of mine is a psychic so I've seen some crazy shit.

I'm sorry for how your parents treated you and I would, if you had the will, strength and fortitude requires for it, speak out and spread as much awareness about your experience in that troubled youth school as you can so other victims can have a voice and together you all can keep this from happening to others. If this path is not for you then please do not feel as if you should, it's your story and your choice alone and noone can judge you for how you use it.

I hope you make a full recovery from the trauma. I guess you are just over thinking. Life is not a bed of roses. It's not smooth it can never be. Bad things happens to all of us. How you perceive it is what really matters. So just calm down you don't need to play that game again. Stay away from such things. Be positive and don't think about whatever happened in 1994 ruined your life. I believe that no entity has that much power to ruin a life. Your story seems normal to me people die early, children having birth defects all this happens in the real world. Ouijas are scary, I wouldn't mess with one ever again unless you know what you're doing. You have nothing to fear with this information. It's simply the truth. Higher dimensions pull time around space, effectively meaning you can see all happenings past, present, and future.

One thing I like to explain to people is that we've recently discovered that human consciousness can affect the fundamental nature of reality. There is a CIA study that is still on the website that basically explains that around the world there are random number generators. They generate 1s and 0s depending on particles that hit the sensor. It generates a near perfect 50/50. That's entropy. Background energy. However, they found that during times of extreme human collective stress, these numbers spike to like 54/46 (can't remember exactly, but well beyond standard deviation). They used 9/11 and princess Diana's death as examples. What this implies is that conscious beings can alter reality itself just by thinking it.

There's also a study that was done where a plant was put in the corner of a room and 4 lights would turn on at random, based on entropy. They found that given enough time, the lights would focus almost solely above the plant so it could harvest as much light as possible. Same thing was done with baby ducks and a robot duck mother. The baby ducks called the robot back to them because they intended it. These things are deemed impossible due to Newtonian physics but make complete sense in the quantum realm, where all outcomes exist and conscious measurement is what brings them from the quantum realm to the Newtonian realm.

If you extrapolate this, what it implies is that we affect probability. If we affect probability, that means, by definition, that literally anything you can imagine is possible, with proper intention. That also implies higher realms are not only plausible, they are assuredly real. It also means time is both an illusion and real.

Now, it could've easily been your own higher self helping you, it could've been an angel/good spirit, it could be an evil spirit, or it could've just been you, utilizing your own inherent power. We all have it and telling ourselves we don't is why we don't have control over it. Literally whatever you think was the cause of it, likely *was* the cause of it. 

If you embrace this knowledge, you will be impressed by how powerful and in control of your life you will be. That means shutting out negative thoughts in your inner monologue. Write down intentions for yourself that are as specific as possible, draw a represented symbol for it, then release it. Forget about it even. The trick is you have to believe it with your whole heart and be grateful for the opportunity and outcome. Don't put timelines or expectations on things. Sometimes timelines can work, as you saw with your Ouija board, but it can lead to unmet expectations and then disbelief.

You are perfectly safe. The universe loves you. Don't fear truth. Be grateful the universe, or whatever, gave you such an incredible gift of knowledge. A glimpse into the true nature of our existence here. You had love.  And a beautiful son with a good man who loved you.

Some of us dont even get that far.  You didnt do as bad as you think.

As for the board and whatever it was that spoke, whatever.  It heard something from the grapevine and passed it along.

The problem with the board is that its like you are putting your address up on Facebook and any random person can come by to say “hi”.  Maybe its a good guy, maybe a bad one.

Eventually, you, like everyone else, is going to leave this world in a wooden box.  The only question you need to ask yourself is this, when you are in that box, are you going to be OK with the person you chose to be?

I think thats whats really important.  Not some special info about the future.

You have a good heart.  You have time.  

Do good. It's not "freaky", it's not "demonic". Spirit boards are tools just like Tarot and nothing PREDICTS the future. Every divination tool (or psychic abilities) ONLY show POSSIBLE outcomes if the energy doesn't change.

If you use a board, make sure you open and close properly. Not everything has to be something negative You asked questions and got correct answers 

Nothing harmed you in anyway 

This was probably just your spirit guides 
Or something similar

I've had a voice in my head give me information about the future once

It also talks to me sometimes when I'm very sleepy

It only ever says nice encouraging things 

I believe there is way more good in this universe than there is evil Why do you think it has to be some entity with an individual personality? Why are you so attached to the idea that it was negative? Why do you believe it had anything to do with the things that happened in your life? It's good that you want to know how you got the answers. If you're really interested, you should keep asking and searching for truth. But don't get hung up on ghosts and demons, that's lame. It was probably Zulu. A spirit of the wind, he comes often first when people play with Ouija board. Of course spirits know the future since the they wander in a plane where time and space are shifted by 90 degree. However they dont always tell the truth.

In certain african tribes for example the people dance until they are in a trance and leave their body. Then spirits come in and tell all sorts of stuff and rumors. The people sitting around are mostly amused and use it as a form of entertainment. 

So it is nothing to fear. You should just be very clear to the spirit and command him to leave. 
In case you cant find the authority you can go to a professional. But it seems like the spirit already left.

I wouldnt call the board again if you dont want to get ‚played‘ again. It doesn’t seem like anything “evil” attached itself to you!  In fact it answered your questions truthfully and in a way warned you.  I’m sure you love your son dearly and he probably is still the most important man in your life .  I have never done a Ouija board.  Can you do it by yourself?  Just relax and let it move your hands.  I’d be interested to know what happens.  What questions would you ask?  Thx for sharing your experience! Your story resonated with me. If you like, we can discuss working on a Ouija board together.

I've already shared this story here on reddit:
I'm as skeptic as you. Once I was experimenting the Ouija board to see if it's our subconscious moving the planchette or there's an entity out there.

To rule out the subconscious move, known as ideomotor effect, I designed an experiment. I asked someone to put two letters of her choice in two different jars. 

Then just when it was getting spooky, I asked the board to reveal those two letters for me (I didn't know myself). And I was the only one moving the planchette. To my surprise, both letters turned out to be true. That's a probability of 1:992 in my language. I continued chatting, asking him if he needs some help. He says yes, spelling 'my corpse'. Now I was pretty sure this couldn't be my subconscious. He then revealed his first and last name. I couldn't validate it in the real world tho. But I can remember my friend and I were really moved by all this. And we still consider this as our most evidential of paranormal activity, if it exists. I agree with everyone...I feel its your higher self or future self.  There really no good or bad...its just our mind categorizing it.  You don't need another ouija session...look within and you'll find the answers. If you do try it yourself I suggest ask questions about how to improve your life.  For example if you are single and desire a partner ask will I meet a kind gentle partner?  Or how will I meet …?  Have a conversation type dialogue I want/desire to do what I’m born to do what is that?  Where do I start?

Don’t ask negatives only positives -

Seems that the answers you received in the past came from a place of love for you not evil I feel it was a female relative you contacted .. the point you said are you sure you don't mean quintin and it shaked/pushed forcefully and confirmed quincy - that feels like a matronly telling off - as in "No child, Listen to what I'm saying!"

I feel like it was a female relative who protects you from negative spirits hence why she got to that ouija board first and not a negative spirit.

Bad things happen to us all and it's a shift of perspective you need .. they were lessons, to help you grow & evolve. [removed] > What exactly did we contact? 

How are we supposed to know? Since the beggining you describe yourself as a troubled teenager. Not once mention looking for treatment to your early days issues. Nothing is attached to you, choices and consequences, this is all I´ve read in this situation, Do it again I say. No regrets. Keep us posted. I would gladly do it with you if I could! Maybe try a psychic medium? Those boards are freaky I would not recommend doing it again. It sounds like the spirit you contacted was not baneful however that’s lucky. Possibly could have been your guide or a passed loved one that stays nearby you. Edit- a psychic medium in your local area with good reviews. I don’t recommend going to someone random online. Also ignore the fear mongering in this thread. I'm a Certified Intuitive Life Coach, psychic, and Tarot Reader. I've practiced Witchcraft since 1998 as well. I would suggest seeing a medium or a psychic reader that you’ve thoroughly vetted and seen reviews on before using a ouija board again. They say they’re portals and invite negative entities in. Go see a Reiki master. You should submit this to Robert welsh's ghost stories and makeup segment on youtube! I’m sorry that happened to you. Hopefully that place is shit down now. 

You’ve got a lot of answers to sift through. Fact is Ouija boards don’t work the way most people think. If they were being moved by a ghost or demon or whatever why would they need you to touch them?

Ouija boards work through ideomotor effect. Which is to say your subconscious is making small movements in your muscles without your conscious mind realizing it. The only thing Ouija boards open you up to is your own mind and whatever psychic abilities you may have. 

It does sound like you connected with your higher self or whatever you want to call it. Likely it was trying to warn you about your path. But teenagers gonna teenage. 

Hopefully you can find a way to forgive yourself. People rarely hold grudges after death, so most likely Quentin has already forgiven you. Especially if you feel like he is still around. Hello. I am Native American and avid participant in our ceremonies. My elders would agree that you opened a portal for something negative to attach to you. Practice prayer everyday, the way you know how to pray, and you will be fine. 

Stay away from ouiji boards, tarot cards, and other ritualistic behavior that is coming out of this new-age movement. People who play around with these tools are all a bunch of wanna-be shamans. Spiritually, they're amateurs. 

I also notice you have some witches commenting in your post. Ignore them. Spiritually, they are corrupt. In the higher dimensions, there is no “time.”  Everything is happening in the eternal now. When spirit guides and psychics accurately predict the future, they are simply tuning into this energy. Of course, we do have free will and can change the course of the future.  At the time of your Ouija Board reading, it had become highly probable that you would go to Utah even if you didn’t know it. As far as people who come into our lives, often this is agreed to prior to birth. 

You probably channeled either your higher self or a spirit guide who could see what was coming your way.  Sanaya Roman, the famous spiritual author who channeled Orin, started with a Ouija Board.  It’s nothing to be alarmed about. I think you are making this a much bigger deal than it is. I have a story that may shock you, as it is very similar to this story of yours- but it is not my own, it is my grandma’s story. 

One day, back when she was 16 her and her friend decided to buy a ouija board and use it for fun. They started asking typical young girl questions like “where will I be in the future?” My grandma said when it was her turn to ask questions, the only thing she really wanted to ask was, “who will I marry in the future?” And the answer she got back was “Perry”. At the time, she said that she and her friend did not know a Perry. When she asked more, like when she’d meet him, or where, and it got even more specific. “School” and “18”. 

After getting unsettled, they put it away. For days afterwards where the Ouija board was, in her closet, a knock would be heard at night. She got creeped out, and moved it outside by the back door- but it got WORSE. The doorbell would be rang every night. So, she got rid of it completely. 

A few years later, she met my grandpa whose name is Perry, at the age of 18 (he was 17) while working in the school’s library as she had graduated early. She doesn’t know who she contacted, but she knows it was something. My moms friend had their future predicted. The ouiji board told him to stay clear of alleyways. I don't know how the story went exactly but the jist is, he ended up taking a short cut down an alleyway and someone tried to mug him and he got stabbed in the leg, just inches from the artery. But he didn't believe in that stuff so he just dismissed it until it happened. Now he makes customized ouiji boards for mediums but idk how I feel about having one in my house. They are a portal, using them or not. Would not suggest messing with Ouija boards again. They can act as a portal to let in all kinds of stuff. 

In short, entities exist. They can see the different energetic time lines and the one you're most likely to follow. You only asked for a prediction 6 months and 5 years in advance. That would be pretty easy for an entity to accurately see. That said, wouldn't rely on them for future predictions. You could change paths, they could misunderstand the future they're seeing, or some of them will lie to you for funsies. Being invisible doesn't make them infallible. Trust them as much as you'd trust a random redditor replying to your post. 

Something could have potentially attached to you, but I doubt this one did. Sometimes they enjoy the aw factor and will communicate just to make you go "wow!" other times they're just passersbys who wanna chat. Sometimes they may be guides or people you knew. 

If it feels like your man is still around, he probably is. My friend passed in 2017. He still hangs around his mom or comes by to see me if I begin talking about him. Think he wants to wait around until his mom passes so he can greet her. If you want to talk to him, just do so. Like you already do. Ask for a sign from him or ask how he'd like to communicate. Talk to him before a meditation, then see what comes through. Or if you prefer dreams, you could ask for that instead.

Hope it is okay that I answered bluntly. You're free to believe or not believe whatever you choose, but based on my understanding and experiences, that would be my answers to your questions. :) How about this - how about there is a realm / dimension on the other side...... and the universe or spirit or something communicated with you ... and in a way by this communication it kind of answers your questions .... there is a whole something / universe out there that we have no comprehension about ...... we live on a planet that spins in a galaxy with a sun and water that establish life as we know it - with patterns and cycles... is birth and death absolutely mind boggling and love - the ability to love so deeply it hurts ..... your husband will know you are sorry for the things you regret between you both and I bet he can hear you speaking to him .... I don’t have the answers but I’m going to trust that there is soo much more than we can even begin to understand.... I was raised catholic / my mum warned as that we were banished from anything Ouija. It was a No No ....  I hope you find the answers you are looking for .....  your story brings me comfort that there is more something unexplainable... that bored gave you answers to your future. I used to be atheist and think when your dead your dead ....but I prefer to rest in the comfort of the universe ... till we meet our loved ones that have passed again on the other side - whatever that other side is ... To the Universe May it keep us questioning everything ... Next time, ask it about the wining numbers of any lottery. Ouija boards are no more good or evil than any other tool, they are simply a tool. However, what they *do* is create a general "All Call" sort of beacon. And the things that tend to answer those are very low level, relatively weak discarnate entities. They can do some spooky shit, make you question reality, but that's about all. The King Of Hell isn't going to answer a Ouija Board call. Neither is any main Deity. 

Some trickster decided you looked like fun to play with and did so. That's all. Give us an update if you decide to use a board again and any outcome that occurs. Just answering your question in the topic since this is pretty long: as Einstein said: time doesn’t actually exist. It’s an illusion. And every mystic, NDE, etc agrees with him. Bashar explains that the past and present happen along with the present all at the same time. I believe this is how we can access our “future”. I dream my future somewhat often. All I’m actually doing is dipping into the reality/dimension where my future for THAT moment is taking place. It’s like peeking behind the curtain. As far as who told you that- well only negative entities use those boards. That’s why it’s heavily suggested people don’t mess with them. You wanna connect to higher realms? Stick to Tarot or pendulum I'll give more info. later when/if I can. I completely understand, I've been through ODD & HORRIFIC Abuse (fir ke it's been my *WHOLE Life* =-(! Since birth till about 2015, when I turned 34) also & have gotten warnings before, during & after events/people doing crap. 
I'm a "Channeler" as I like to call it now; it's only recently that I have learned this. I'm EXTREMELY Spiritualy Sensitive & have been getting messages my whole life. I do have to admit, I feel extremely dirty & like an old used kitchen sponge, just filty & beat up, but I have felt like this since I was a YOUNG Child. 
But I'm basically a human Ouiji Board, sadly & terribly. =***-(!!!
(I should probably admit hete though that, I've never had access to or played w/a Ouiji Board so there's no connection there, but I still understand.)

As for trying to get answers I suggest trying a Pendulum, Meditation, or even if more Brave (which you clearly are) or desperate, you can TRY an "Angel Board", heck you can even make your own. 
Just take a *WHITE* Board, or peice of cardboard & paint it white. The main point is to have a White surface (Or Gold, some people like gold which supposedly summons Angels of Healing. All that matters is that it's any color but Black. Even Grey and DARK Colors are NOT okay, the brighter & happier the better, as of late usually.) 
Heck you can even use a peice of printer paper, anything white & write on it in a *"Happy"* Color; something that makes you feel happy or lifts your spirits when you see that color. If you don't have a color (or colors) like that then don't worry about it.
Write out all the Letters, Numbers, Yes/No/Maybe, Year, Birthdate/Age, Person, Angel, etc. & any connecting words, And, But, So, The, etc. Just to facilitate & make easier & quicker the process.
Then cut out a shape, any shape with a hole in the middle, or use a magnifying glass, anything to clearly denote that this letter/word is being picked.
Them use it on your own.
If you really get in the zone you will physically feel another "person" playing/moving the thing with you.
You DON'T need another person to use this kind of a board, at all. 
Oh! Before I forget! **Make Sure To Label The Board, "Angel Board" or "Truth Board" or even with your name, "[My Name] Board" so that nothing **YOU** don't want touching it gets bear it! This can be very important. But whatever you do, do NOT put the name Ouiji on it, or anything else Evil/Dark/Satanic, just fir safety sake.**

Also, before doing a session I'd suggest drawing a circle of protection with a Cross & White Sage, or Lavendar, even Pine Needles can be okay, just something that has been known to be cleansing & protecting. Rosemary & Kosher Salt seems to be the best, or it can be. (Especially if you're not into smoke cleansing.) =-)! 



And as for an evil following you your whole life ... I donno. I have wondered the same thing.
My parents are EVIL & have used me in ... what I KNOW were Satanic Rituals, my brother too.
It has been HORRIBLE.
& I'm now trapped in a haunted house. 
As for it following you, messing up your life; I donno. I hope not. (I've wondered that about myself, till stuff went SO Terrible that it didn't matter anymore. =-(! ) 
Maybe if you do what I suggested, creating this New CLEAN Board you can get rid of, cleanse, even get more accurate answers to questions you have now.
If you do end up doing this **please let me know how it goes,** I would very much *HOPE* that this new board would heal & fix, even make better the life you currently have. I'm hoping big time that my suggestions can help.

Also, I am wondering if you don't mind me asking, did you ever reconnect with your parents? Did they ever accept your husband? What happened with them? Did they just ... dissolve? Become a mess? Did the marriage break up?  I am worried that whatever you let in was essentially "living" in the house after you did that Board thing.
And Evil/Dark entitles LOVE, "Excitement" as in they SEEM to "Suckle" off of Tension, Anger (the MOST & BEST. Overall they seem to like anger more than anything else) Fear, Sadness, etc. Even confusion & frustration is more "enjoyable" to them than, "boring nothings wrong, the humans are fine" everyday stuff; it *Seems*. (Or at least that's what people have noticed & complained about. =-(! ) 
And all those horrible emotions were created in spades when you were tossed out.
=-(! 
& even more so, obviously, when you (& I commend you for this. I *KNOW* you made the *RIGHT* Decision) ran away a few weeks after being returned home. 
So yeah, there was plenty to feed on in your household & that would have made it easy to really tear apart the rest of your family members.
...
I just realized, I don't want to make you feel guilty, you didn't know what you were dealing with, it wasn't your fault. Not at all! Infact, one of the first things I suspected when I read your post was that, what happened to you was going to happen anyway. It was just possibly sooner & more violent then it would have been. 
And when there's already tension, or "cracks in a family" (I don't know why I'm thinking of it like that) but when stuff is going on it's kinda like packing a bomb, enough pressure & it's gonna blow & I very much suspect that whatever was let in, was the ignition in a house ready to explode, so to speak.
So it was in good part already set up to melt down & there was not much, if anything, that could have been done to stop it.
So please don't feel guilty, even despite what I said here.

Anyway, I gotta cut this off, it's 1a.m. for me & this has been extremely long. 
I hope I was able to help & I hope your able to answer my questions I have here.
And if you actually get around to making your own "Angel Board" then let me know, I'd very much like to know if it helps & fixes things or gets you the answers you have been needing & wanting. =-)! 

Thanks for reading this whole thing if you do, and thank you for posting your truth/story, it was amazingly fascinating! =-)! *Two Thumbs Up!* =-)! I did the ouija board as a junior in high school 

With a bunch of friends

We contacted “Lucifer” and mocked him
thinking it was fake 

He told each of us where we would go to college 

At the time it seemed silly (said I would go to Ivy League when I was bottom of my class - the #1 guy in my class who wanted to go to Yale was told he would go to U of Vermont… he was pissed by that reply…)

A year later - all 12 predictions became true 

He went to Vermont and LOVED IT …

I went to U Penn (and hated it LOL)

Anyway - after that we asked for proof it was lucifer then and there 

It said “front porch”

That was 3am in New Jersey shore in late may

(No one around then)

We go to front porch…

Want to know what happened next?

/// I used to have dreams like that. It was during a time I was very unhappy with where I was in life. I changed my fate and now I don't have them anymore,  my dreams have become very exotic.  I personally feel imagination is very important and our subconscious let's us know in ways like this that we need to work on it It's possible to be in a time where you are experiencing more synchronicity than usual and it reflects in your dreams Sounds like the story of my life. I'm thinking you're psychic ability is mainly clairvoyant. You may have others, but clairvoyance is the strongest.

If I were you, I would journal the dreams when you first get up or try to paint them, after a while, you'll understand what the symbolism personally means for you.

For example, for me anytime I dream of zombies there's an illness around me spreading. If I get bit in the dream, I almost always get sick.

Hope this helps. This is so interesting!

Were there any significantly different outcomes in your dreams vs reality based on such minor changes? I've always wondered this - how multiple timelines would play out if I took different (minor) decisions Sounds like typical dreams job no ? Help your brain to process the day I used to do this. Not just one detail, but many. My psychologist told me it was anxiety related. I still have them, but not as often Just came here to tell you that I love your username Happens to me, especially if I go to bed without drinking water or when I was younger and drinking in college and dehydrated. Usually they are off by one detail (example: would be with a friend that is a female but the wrong person but same situation as the dream - like I was on the wrong radio station and off by one channel getting some of the story but not the whole thing - wrong frequency). Never winning lotto numbers but very interesting making me rethink what I originally thought about life in general. I enjoy it and text my husband my dreams in the morning to see which ones come true. Most do. Yes, I feel like a lot of people experience this. In fact, it’s probably why so many people forget their dreams, they just dream about things they’d do anyway - or mundane things that feel so real when you wake up it feels like a memory, not a dream. 

I don’t have an explanation to this, but remember time isn’t linear so I wouldn’t be surprised if it’s just you experiencing these things through the flexibility of time. OMG this has happened to me all throughout my life and never knew anyone else who remembered the dream! It's always something mundane, like you said. A seemingly random moment in time. I did predict a breakup, and even told my ex about the dream when I had it. I saw my current home before I moved in, and was dating someone else I hadnt met yet. The dream happened in 2018 or 2019, and the deja vu about 2 months ago. Yes! I have deja vu in the dream. And then later experience the moment and realize I dreamed it. 

It’s been a while since that’s happened. Yes. I have had many times. I specifically remember trips that I took where I realize I have seen the place before. One had a green valley, one had a church and some businesses, and the best was in the smoky mountains, as I came around the corner on the highway.

But the spookiest was when I woke up from an afternoon nap and was in a strange room and walked toward the bathroom and saw someone in the mirror that wasn’t myself. They were was dark, with a square jaw. I didn’t recognize them. 

It turned out I had not walkened at all but was in a dream. Years later my home was different and it was the room I had dreamed of. And when I got out of bed one morning and looked in the mirror, I recognized that the person I saw was the same one I saw in that dream. I hadn’t realize this until that moment.

I love it when strange things happen. This has happened to me a few times now and it makes me wonder if it is because we've already experienced it and are remembering what has happened. This realisation happened to me when I experienced non linear time a few years back whilst in Amsterdam. Its almost as though time appears linear but maybe its not.  

I've dreamt of specific moments and places and it's at the start of that realisation that you've experienced it everything falls into place like to like but its only a few seconds prior to it all happening. This happened to me twice. I woke up and immediately lived the dream I just had. It was crazy specific though. Without getting to into details, one was about a new m&m flavor and the second was same people same convo in my kitchen. All the time. Lately, it's been really strong. And frequent. And it literally feels like I'm being yanked sideways. The whole world shifts beneath my feet with some I've had that happen a lot. Which makes me scared to dream tbh lol. Because if I remember a dream, something in it has meaning or will happen. I have this ability too..its completely random and I'd love to learn how to hone in on it I have dreams like this, but mine usually mean death. It runs in my family. I just posted about it, but my mother had a dream about my cousin a week before he died. My younger sister predicted Betty White, I predicted Alan Rickman, my mom predicted any Winehouse too. We also seem to be tuned into eachother; ex. I've asked my mom questions about things that happened a decade ago when she was literally just thinking about it for the first time in awhile. It's super freaky; It's nice knowing other people also experience it. It's not you, specifically. Not all psychics jibe with all clients, so he and mom had a better connection is all. 

If you want to find a psychic you really vibe with, keep looking. As a phychic I hate doing it for people it feel odd to have something come in you head and tell that person especially if there tight lipped. Straight out most of the time I'm reading what that person is projecting to me like there thoughs are mine, even if there not willing and deliberately holding a poker face I get things but I hate talking to them about it feeling judgement, it's makes it harder, that's probably why he wanted validation. Does this sound right too what you went through where you holding things back wanting them to prove themselves. Honestly I don't blame you I have spoken the other phycics at crystal shops, they call themselves phycics but need tarot cards I get flashes of colours Amber and yellow that mean there not telling the truth, so why they may read card every part of me screams they don't have my gifts and the fact when I talk to them there shocked taken back all all they can say is I sense you have ment spirit around you and have a strong gift is a face plam from me.
Anyway for the most I'd say they where reading you, future is in constant flux, I may have seen my friends death but I seen heath issues in another friend that never passed as we decided to be proactive heath wise that changed it, I have seen my own paths and tried to force it causing bigger issues. The future is honestly something I don't believe a phycic can read clearly maybe a little but not hard certain, change etc is pretty straight forward there things that happen regardless and you can get a idea on relationships happening etc but honestly if that person is working on that it's a easy read and let's be honest who not always working on that in one or not. On a side not I always feel my body Brian wazes are more open to spirts the energy waves, so In that I feel depending on a person brain waves maybe that's why it's easyer to read some people that others maybe some are closer to that frequency. But that's the Analytics scientific side of me trying to work out why I'm different The psychic I went to told me my exe had a dark energy that followed her around and that was the reason for our relationship ending and then she said my energy was off and I needed to reset because of my time with my exe. I did not pay her for that and just said I'll think about it because it was a huge amount of money. I'm not doing that Meditation apps are getting more popular so I’d suggest you do an online search for those and see which ones appeal. Read the descriptions and reviews, and see if you feel drawn to any. Most of them also have a few free meditations to try so you can see if it’s your thing before paying a subscription or buying any downloads. 

Another place to explore is of course YouTube but you’ll even find some on Instagram and Facebook pages too. This is one of the oldest scams around - some sort of trouble with your love life that your ‘psychic’ can fix/remove - for a fee of course…..

No, she’s not accurate at all. You’re just going through a bit of a rough patch. Walk away & keep your money in your pocket. did she offer more readings or a price to undo it or something in my personal opinion, no one can put a spell on you unless you let them. you have control over what does and doesn't happen to you. if you believe there is a spell on you then there is a spell if that makes sense. (if you need me to explain more i can!) 